<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<task id="adding_capabilities_to_the_workbench" xml:lang="en-us" rev="150">
<title>Adding capabilities to the workbench</title>
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_full" /> is configured to enable a set of capabilities that support traditional mainframe development in Assembler, COBOL, and PL/I languages. The Eclipse workbench includes additional capabilities that support development in other languages such as C/C++ and <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm>. Use the <menucascade>
<uicontrol>General</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Capabilities</uicontrol>
</menucascade> preference page to enable other capabilities that are not exposed in the default
<keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> client
configuration.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The default <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> capabilities are
an enhancement added in <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> version 15.0 to
filter out preferences, perspectives, views, or wizards that are not relevant to traditional
mainframe development in Assembler, COBOL, and PL/I languages. If you open <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> version 15.0 on a
workspace that was created in an earlier version, and you notice the absence of preferences,
perspectives, views, or wizards that you are accustomed to seeing, follow the instructions to enable
the default Eclipse capabilities.</prereq>
<context>
<p>When you start <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> the first time
using a new workspace, the following Capabilities are enabled in <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>General</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Capabilities</uicontrol>
</menucascade>:<ul outputclass="checkoff">
<li><menucascade>
<uicontrol>CICS Application Development</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>CICS Application Development</uicontrol>
</menucascade></li>
<li><uicontrol>Db2 for z/OS Development</uicontrol></li>
<li><menucascade>
<uicontrol>Development</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Debug Support</uicontrol>
</menucascade></li>
<li><uicontrol>IBM Debug Tool Plugins</uicontrol></li>
<li><menucascade>
<uicontrol>Team</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Core Team Support</uicontrol>
</menucascade></li>
</ul></p>
<note>
<ul>
<li>To create plug-ins or work with <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> source, XML files, or JSON files, enable the appropriate capabilities.</li>
<li>To list all perspectives and wizards, including those from disabled capabilities, select the
<uicontrol>Show All</uicontrol> option on the
<menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Open
Perspective</uicontrol><uicontrol>Other</uicontrol></menucascade>
<wintitle>Open Perspective</wintitle> window or the <uicontrol>Show All Wizards</uicontrol> option
on the
<menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Other</uicontrol></menucascade>
<q><wintitle>Select a wizard</wintitle></q> window.</li>
</ul>
</note>
<note type="other" othertype="Limitations">
<p>When the <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> Development capability is disabled, the following limitations apply:</p>
<ul>
<li>In the Resource perspective double-clicking on a file or selecting a file and pressing F3 does
not open the file in an editor. In addition, there is no <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> or
<uicontrol>Open With</uicontrol> menu action. To enable these functions, enable the <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> Development capability.</li>
<li>Some <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> wizards such as those for creating a new <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> Class or <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> Interface continue to show in the <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Other</uicontrol></menucascade>
<q><wintitle>Select a wizard</wintitle></q> window.</li>
</ul>
</note>
</context>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To add capabilities to the workbench:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Open the Capabilities preference page.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select the capabilities you want to add.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply and Close</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>To enable the default Eclipse capabilities, rather than the default <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> capabilities,
click <uicontrol>Restore Defaults</uicontrol> and then click <uicontrol>Apply and
Close</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The following capabilities are the Eclipse defaults:<ul outputclass="checkoff">
<li><menucascade>
<uicontrol>Development</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Debug Support</uicontrol>
</menucascade><ul outputclass="checkoff">
<li><uicontrol>Ant Development</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Debug Support</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Java Development</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Plug-in Development</uicontrol></li>
</ul></li>
<li><menucascade>
<uicontrol>Team</uicontrol>
</menucascade><ul outputclass="checkoff">
<li><uicontrol>Core Team Support</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>CVS Support</uicontrol></li>
</ul></li>
</ul></stepresult>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/reference/ref-capabilitiespref.htm" scope="peer" format="HTML">
<linktext>Capabilities</linktext>
</link>
<link href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/tasks/tasks-1a.htm" scope="peer" format="HTML">
<linktext>Working with perspectives</linktext>
</link>
</related-links>
</task><?tm 1665693531595 7 Java ?>
