<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="AllocateLike" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Allocating a VSAM file from an existing file</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Allocate Like</uicontrol> menu item
to allocate a VSAM file from an existing file.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>allocate like</indexterm><indexterm>VSAM data
set<indexterm>allocate like</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select
a VSAM file and right-click to display the menu.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>From the menu, select <uicontrol>Allocate Like</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>On the first page of the wizard:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Accept the name that is provided in the <uicontrol>Connection
Name</uicontrol> field.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select or type the high-level qualifier for the data
set from the list.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Data Set Name</uicontrol> field, specify
the name that follows the combination of high-level qualifier and
period. </cmd><stepxmp>For example, if the high-level qualifier is <filepath>MYFILES</filepath> and
if you want to allocate the data set <filepath>MYFILES.TEST.VSAM,</filepath> type
the string <userinput>TEST.VSAM</userinput> in the <uicontrol>Data
Set Name</uicontrol> field.</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>On page two, click <uicontrol>Copy characteristics from
an existing data set</uicontrol> and then click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to
specify allocation values such as VSAM file type, associations, and
cluster attributes.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Specify the allocation values. </cmd><info>See the related
links for field-level help. For details on what values are required
for different uses, contact your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system
administrator. </info></step>
<step><cmd>To allocate the data set, click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="allocateVSAM.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="rzvsamchar.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190812 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002563?>
