<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="c_file_trans_code_page" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>File encoding, code page conversion, and inheritance</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>File encoding, code page conversion, and inheritance</navtitle>
<searchtitle>File encoding, code page conversion, and inheritance</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>When you copy a file between a remote system and the workstation,
the file is converted to a code page appropriate to its destination.
File code pages are inherited from the system or folder that contains
them.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>code pages<indexterm>inheritance</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>code pages<indexterm>conversion</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>default encoding</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>file system encoding</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<section><title>File system default encoding</title>You can determine
the default file encoding on a local or remote file system by setting
a property in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. Two options
are available:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Default from remote system</dt>
<dd>The default file encoding is inherited from the local or remote
system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Other</dt>
<dd>You can select the default file encoding from a list of available
choices. <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> uses
the International Components for Unicode (ICU) for file encoding.
You can learn more about ICU at <xref format="html"
href="http://www.ibm.com/software/globalization/icu/" scope="external">International
Components for Unicode</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>To choose a default file encoding for a local or remote
system:<ol>
<li>If you are connected to the remote system, disconnect. You can
change the default file encoding for a remote system only when you
are disconnected.</li>
<li>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select a local
or remote system.</li>
<li>Right-click and select <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>. The <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window
opens.</li>
<li>In the categories list, click <uicontrol>Host</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Choose one of the file encoding options, and then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></section>
<section><title>Code page conversion</title><keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> uses
remote-to-local file mapping to determine how file encodings are converted
between local and remote code pages during file transfers. For more
information about remote-to-local file mapping, see <xref format="dita"
href="czdcmn044.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Code page inheritance</title>When you transfer a file
between a local and remote file system, the file inherits the code
page setting from the destination container. This inheritance sometimes
results in a file encoding that is different from or incompatible
with the original file encoding. To ensure correct file encoding during
a file transfer, make sure that the code page for the destination
container is set correctly.<p>To set the code page for a file or container:<ol>
<li>Select the file or container. To set the code page for the <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem of a <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> connection, for example, select <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Right-click and select <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>From the category list, select <uicontrol>Code Pages</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Select host and local code pages from the list.</li>
</ol></p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="czdcmn044.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdcmn035.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190793 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004210?>
