<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="c_non_standard_names" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Members with nonstandard names</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Members with nonstandard names</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Members with nonstandard names</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Some tools and products create <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> files
with nonstandard names. Nonstandard names do not adhere to <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> file name conventions. <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_full"></keyword> provides
settings for displaying these members in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>members<indexterm>nonstandard names</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>nonstandard names<indexterm>members</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<section>When you enable the <uicontrol>Show members with non-standard
name</uicontrol> option on the <wintitle>MVS Files</wintitle> preference
page, the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view displays members
with lowercase names or names that contain nonstandard character sets.
The CA Endevor Software Change Manager, for example, supports file
names that begin with numbers. The <uicontrol>Show members with non-standard
name</uicontrol> preference provides for showing these file names
in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. You can then use
the menu items in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view to
edit, browse, rename, and delete them. You can also include nonstandard
member names in the <uicontrol>With name</uicontrol> field of the <wintitle>Remote
z/OS Search</wintitle> window.<note type="restriction">For nonstandard
names that contain lowercase characters, only the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Rename</uicontrol> menu
items are available in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.
In this case, local cache cannot be displayed in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view. The <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> file
system is not case-sensitive, and lowercase cache file names might
conflict with similar uppercase file names.</note></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdmvspref.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdcmn145.dita" scope="local" type="topic">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190816 3?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002695?>
