<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="c_planning" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Planning a push-to-client environment</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Planning a push-to-client environment</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Planning a push-to-client environment</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>The <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
offers the push-to-client feature for administering and sharing connections,
preferences, properties, and configurations so that developers have
a consistent and centralized development environment.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>planning a push-to-client environment</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>connections</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>preferences</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>properties</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>configurations</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>You can take either of two approaches to creating a development
environment with the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product:<ul>
<li>You can allow a decentralized environment in which developers
create their own connections to remote systems, <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>, or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm>;
set preferences for their workspaces; and create and manage their
own property groups and debug and run configurations.</li>
<li>You can centralize and automate the creation and distribution
of connections, preferences, properties, and configurations so that
developers’ workspaces are consistent across the site and settings
are downloaded to workspaces automatically when developers connect
to a remote system. The push-to-client feature provides the tools
that you need to create a centralized and automated development environment.</li>
</ul></p>
<p conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/ptc_config_list"/>
<p>In a push-to-client environment, these configuration files are stored on a remote system. When a
workspace connects to the remote system, the configuration files are downloaded to the workspace. In
this way, you can define a set of property groups, for example, that is automatically downloaded
when a connection is made. If you update the configurations between connections, developers are
prompted to update their workspaces when they connect.</p>
<p>In a decentralized environment, developers still have the opportunity
to share configurations by exporting them from one workspace and importing
them into another workspace.</p>
<p>For more information about the push-to-client feature and about
migrating configurations from one workspace to another, see the related
topics.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdptc.dita" otherprops="IDz"/>
<link format="dita" href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.installing.doc/topics/t_new_workspace.dita" scope="local" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190790 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003220?>
