<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="clicert" translate="yes" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting preferences for client certificate authentication</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Client Certificates</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Client Certificates</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Use the <wintitle>Client Certificates</wintitle> preference
page to specify preferences for client certificate authentication.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>client certificates<indexterm>preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>preferences<indexterm>client certificates</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>JCE provider</indexterm><indexterm>keystore type</indexterm>
<indexterm>hostIdMappings OID</indexterm><indexterm>Java Cryptography
Extension</indexterm><indexterm>MS-CAPI</indexterm><indexterm>Microsoft
Cryptography API</indexterm><indexterm>Java CSP</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>With client certificate authentication, you can authenticate
with remote systems by using a security device such as an integrated
circuit card (like a smart card). <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> relies
on the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Cryptographic Service
Provider (<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> CSP) for the
retrieval of the certificates. The certificates are used solely for
client certificate authentication. All updates to the certificates
are outside the scope of <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword>.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To set up client certificates on your workstation:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Specify values for these fields:</cmd><info><dl><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol
conref="uicontrol_conrefs.dita#uicontrol_conrefs/uicontrol_cryptographyProviderName"></uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify the name of the security provider as provided by the vendor
that supplies the cryptography software that is used to access the
certificates.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol
conref="uicontrol_conrefs.dita#uicontrol_conrefs/uicontrol_keyStoreType"></uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify the keystore type that the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> CSP
uses for retrieving the certificates that are stored in the <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Cryptography API
(MS-CAPI) keystore. Use the name of the keystore that the security
provider gives.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol
conref="uicontrol_conrefs.dita#uicontrol_conrefs/uicontrol_oidValue"></uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify the <apiname>hostIdMappings</apiname> OID. Do not change
the value that is specified on the preferences page from the default
value of 1.3.18.0.2.18.1 unless instructed otherwise by the systems
administrator. The <apiname>hostIdMappings</apiname> extension (Object
Identifier 1 3 18 0 2 18 1) is an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> extension
that is also available for public use. The security software on the
remote system (such as <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm>)
automatically maps a valid certificate to the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="RACF">RACF</tm> user ID that is provided in the extension.
 Changing this value might cause the certificate authentication to
fail.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step rev="rdz91"><cmd>To ensure that each keystore has a unique alias,
select the <uicontrol
conref="uicontrol_conrefs.dita#uicontrol_conrefs/uicontrol_uniqueAliasesValue"></uicontrol> check
box.</cmd><info><note>Select this option only when you are using the
Sun MSCAPI <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Cryptography
Extension (JCE) Provider and only when the aliases are not unique.
Do not select this option for other JCE providers.</note></info></step>
<step rev="rdz91"><cmd>To filter certificates by key usage, select
one or more of these checkboxes that are listed under <uicontrol
conref="uicontrol_conrefs.dita#uicontrol_conrefs/uicontrol_keyusageValue"></uicontrol>:</cmd>
<info><sl outputclass="checkoff" translate="no">
<sli><uicontrol>Digital signature</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Non-repudiation</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Key encipherment</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Data encipherment</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Key agreement</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Certificate signing</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>CRL Signing</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Encipher only</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Decipher only</uicontrol></sli>
</sl>For information about the types of key usage, see <q>Key usage
extensions and extended key usage.</q><note type="tip">You can filter
by key usage alone or combined with filtering by <apiname>hostIdMappings</apiname> OID.</note></info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita" scope="peer"
type="topic"><linktext>Opening the Preferences window</linktext></link>
<link format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSKTMJ_9.0.1/admin/conf_keyusageextensionsandextendedkeyusage_r.html"
scope="external">
<linktext>Key usage extensions and extended key usage</linktext>
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190797 8?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005559?>
