<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="configuring_pkcs12" xml:lang="en-US">
<title>Configuring client authentication with PKCS12</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Configuring client authentication with PKCS12</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Configuring client authentication with PKCS12</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<abstract>
<shortdesc>Use these instructions to configure the client to connect to z/OS by using Transport
Layer Security (TLS) client authentication with a locally installed PKCS12 file generated from a
RACF certificate.</shortdesc>
</abstract>
<body>
<section>
<title>Host TLS configuration</title>
<p>Before you configure TLS on the client, you must configure the z/OS server for TLS. The
instructions for configuring the host are in the <cite><keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/ZEXPL_full"/> Host
Configuration Guide</cite> in <xref format="html" scope="external"
href="https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/explorer-for-zos/3.4?topic=tasks-optional-sslproperties-rse-encrypted-communication"
>ssl.properties, the RSE encrypted communication</xref>. This configuration is done by a z/OS system
administrator with the assistance of a security administrator. If you are unsure if the z/OS system
has been configured for TLS, check with your z/OS system administrator.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Configuring a new z/OS connection for TLS</title>
<p>To define a new connection to a z/OS system that is configured for TLS, do these steps:<ol>
<li conref="tzdcmn032.dita#tzdcmn032/define"/>
<li conref="tzdcmn032.dita#tzdcmn032/type"/>
<li conref="tzdcmn032.dita#tzdcmn032/hostname"/>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>On the <wintitle>Connection Configuration</wintitle> page, specify these options:<itemgroup>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Daemon Port: </uicontrol> Specify a valid port number. Consult your z/OS system
administrator for the port number to use.</li>
<li rev="751"><uicontrol>Authentication method:</uicontrol>Select <uicontrol>certificate</uicontrol>
to use client certificate authentication. </li>
</ul>
</itemgroup></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</li>
<li id="config-cli-cert">To configure the client certificate, follow the instructions in <xref
href="#configuring_pkcs12/cli-cert-pref"/>.</li>
</ol></p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Configuring TLS on an existing z/OS connection</title>
<p>If you already have a z/OS connection defined, and you want to change the connection properties
to use TLS, do these steps:<ol>
<li>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, right-click the connection name and select
<uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>In the navigation pane of the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window, select
<uicontrol>Connector Services</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Expand the entries in the <uicontrol>Available Services</uicontrol> list and click
<uicontrol>Launcher Properties</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Authentication method</uicontrol> row of the <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>
table, click the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> cell, then expand the drop-down list and select
<uicontrol>certificate</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply and Close</uicontrol>.</li>
<li conref="#configuring_pkcs12/config-cli-cert"/>
</ol></p>
</section>
<section id="cli-cert-pref">
<title>Configuring the client certificate</title>
<ol>
<li>From the menu bar, click
<menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol></menucascade>.</li>
<li>In the navigation pane of the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window, select <uicontrol>Client
Certificates</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Specify these values on the <wintitle>Client Certificates Preferences</wintitle> page:<sl>
<sli><uicontrol>Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Provider</uicontrol>: IBMJCE</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Keystore Type</uicontrol>: PKCS12</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>hostIdMappings Object Identifier (OID)</uicontrol>: The OID value
<uicontrol>1.3.18.0.2.18.1</uicontrol> can remain or be cleared so that there is no value. If the
value is not cleared, the certificate must have this OID included. You can define multiple
hostIdMappings if you need to access multiple z/OS systems or multiple applications, but only the
first entry in the set of hostIdMappings is used. If the first entry is not the one that is
authorized to the RSE server user ID, then the session fails with the error message
<msgph>checkCertificate:Invalid Certificate Exception: SERVAUTH Definition Error</msgph> even if one
of the additional entries maps to a valid SERVAUTH definition for the RSE server user ID.</sli>
</sl></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply and Close</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>To connect with the certificate, disconnect and then reconnect to the z/OS system. If the
certificate is signed by its own CA or a self-signed certificate is used, then you are prompted to
trust the certificate before connecting. If you are using a well-known CA, there is no prompt for
the trust and the z/OS system is connected.</li>
</ol>
</section>
</body>
</topic>
