<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="czdbiditerms" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bidirectional layout (or bidirectional format) terminology</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Bidirectional text can be stored on the client or server
system in different text layouts (different bidirectional formats).
A bidirectional layout specifies how bidirectional text is being stored
on a system. It can be defined by five basic bidirectional attributes
for Arabic language, and by three attributes for Hebrew.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>bidirectional layout terminology</indexterm>
<indexterm>bidirectional format terminology</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Global or text orientation</dt>
<dd><indexterm>global orientation</indexterm><indexterm>text orientation</indexterm>Global
orientation designates the direction in which the text is stored.
It can be right-to-left (RTL) or left-to-right (LTR). Contextual text
orientation is not supported in <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" />.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Ordering scheme (or text type)</dt>
<dd><indexterm>ordering scheme</indexterm><indexterm>text type</indexterm>The
ordering scheme defines the relationship between the order of text
as stored in memory or on external media and its order for correct
display. <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> recognizes
three ordering schemes:<ul>
<li><indexterm>visual ordering scheme</indexterm>In the <term>visual
ordering scheme</term>, text is stored in the same order as it is
displayed.</li>
<li><indexterm>logical ordering scheme</indexterm>In the <term>logical
ordering scheme</term>, text is stored in the order it is intended
to be read. It must be reordered for display by using an algorithm
that assumes that the letters of the Latin alphabet have a strong
inherent left-to-right directionality and the letters of the Arabic
or Hebrew alphabet have a strong right-to-left inherent directionality.
This implicit (or logical) algorithm recognizes segments by their
inherent directional characteristics and inverts segments automatically.</li>
<li><indexterm>smart logical ordering scheme</indexterm> In the <term>smart
logical ordering scheme</term>, the text is processed with a special
algorithm introduced in <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> to
improve the data exchange between <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm> systems and <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" />.
 This algorithm is described in more detail in <xref href="czdsmartlog.dita" type="concept" />.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Text shaping</dt>
<dd><indexterm>text shaping</indexterm>Text shaping applies to the
Arabic script in which characters assume different shapes according
to their position in a word and how they connect to surrounding characters.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Symmetric swapping </dt>
<dd><indexterm>symmetric swapping</indexterm>Symmetric swapping designates
when specific characters such as ( &gt; [ { must be interchanged with
) &lt; ] } to preserve the logical meaning of the presented text.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Numeric shaping</dt>
<dd><indexterm>numeric shaping</indexterm>Numeric shaping designates
whether numbers must be presented by using the European digit shapes
or the Arabic-Indic digit shapes.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<p>No single combination of possible values of bidirectional layout
attributes is predominant. Existing applications process data with
different possible combinations of these values. Therefore, when a
bidirectional data stream is passed to an application, it is important
that the application recognizes the associated text attributes.</p>
<note othertype="Next" type="other"><xref href="czdbidiconv.dita" type="concept" /></note>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000004309?><?tm 1670257711239 1 zSeries ?>
