<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="czdbidiwhy" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Why special tools are required by smart logical layout</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>To support correct processing of bidirectional data that
contains marks, special handling was added to <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX Editor, file search windows,
the text compare window, and compilers.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> bidirectional
users who are working on program development with remote visual files
have the following options:<ul>
<li>Use smart logical conversion for visual data (visual-to-logical
conversion with marks) and use special tools for handling smart logical
data. The advantage of this approach is that data display and editing
in <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX editor
is identical to the data display and editing on the visual <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm> system.
Search and compare of smart logical files is supported as well. The
disadvantage of this approach is that not all tools were adapted to
support smart logical data.</li>
<li>Use standard visual-to-logical conversion (without marks) and
use standard Eclipse tools. The advantage of this approach is that
all standard Eclipse tools support logical data without marks. The
disadvantages of this approach are that in some cases logical data
is displayed differently from how it is displayed on visual system,
and there is potential for data corruption when multiple conversions
are performed or data is edited on a logical system. </li>
<li>Use files in visual layout. Visual layout, although sparsely supported
by Eclipse, might be useful for special needs.</li>
</ul>A special <term>Change bidirectional format</term> conversion
utility allows conversion of files from one bidirectional layout to
another inside the Eclipse workspace.</p>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000002240?><?tm 1670257711339 3 zSeries||z Systems ?>
