<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="czdbidiconv" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bidirectional layout transformation (or bidirectional conversion)</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Different systems and applications assume different bidirectional
text layouts. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>bidirectional layout transformation</indexterm>
<indexterm>bidirectional conversion</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Earlier <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm> applications,
for example, usually assume that bidirectional text is stored in visual
order (with various other bidirectional attributes). Most <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm> software
infrastructure was developed before common use of the logical ordering
scheme and therefore ignores its existence. Newer development platforms,
such as <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> or <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm>/Swing, assume that bidirectional text is stored in a logical order and reorders the text for presentation according to a bidirectional algorithm generally following the one specified by Unicode. Most of the base software that is written on these platforms is not designed to support data that is stored in visual order. Because of these platform differences, exchanging bidirectional data between <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm> and <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> or <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm>/Swing platforms requires bidirectional text layout to be transformed to display, edit, or use the data on the target system. This process of transforming bidirectional text layout between incompatible systems is called <term>bidirectional conversion</term>.</p>
<p>Many existing client/server applications assume that bidirectional
conversion is the responsibility of bidirectional developers. This
assumption causes problems of incompatibility and limitations because
of the different algorithms that different developers use to make
the conversion. </p>
<p>The <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> bidirectional
language support tools free bidirectional developers from this task
to save development effort and make bidirectional software more portable.
These tools consist of a user interface for specifying host (<tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm>) and
client bidirectional layouts. The <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> product
does bidirectional conversions automatically according to information
you provide by using this interface. It is the bidirectional developer's
responsibility to understand the bidirectional layouts that are used
in your environment and to provide correct information about bidirectional
layouts and encoding by using the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> user
interface. Visual LTR layout is assumed as the default layout for
remote systems, and Smart Logical LTR is assumed as the default layout
for the client by most <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> components
and tools.</p>
<note othertype="Next" type="other"><xref href="czdsmartlog.dita" type="concept" /></note>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000003665?><?tm 1670257711099 16 zSeries||Windows||Java ?>
