<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="czdcmn018.dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Online and offline projects</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>A <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project is
either in online or offline state.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>z/OS project<indexterm>states<indexterm>online</indexterm><indexterm>offline</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>offline state</indexterm><indexterm>online state</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<note type="attention">The work offline and work online operations
for a remote resource are deprecated.</note>
<p>A <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project is in either
of two states:  <ul>
<li>In <term>online state</term>, the project is connected to the
systems to which its subprojects refer. You can directly change the
data sets that are stored in those systems.</li>
<li>In <term>offline state</term>, the project can access only mainframe
resources that were explicitly taken offline.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>When you move a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project
to the offline state, you specify the subprojects, data sets, and
partitioned data set members to be transferred to the workstation.
When you switch back to online state, you select the files you want
to upload to the remote system. A window opens that allows for comparison
of the local and remote versions of the files. You can use this window
to upload or download the versions of the files you would like to
keep or to merge changes between local and remote files. Clicking
the <uicontrol>Work Online</uicontrol> button displays a warning message,
indicating that any changed files not uploaded to the remote system
are lost.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1435190829 3?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001986?>
