<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="czdcmn025" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Generating and submitting JCL</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>JCL generation, remote syntax check, show dependencies,
and remote project builds use JCL procedures that are included with
the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
instead of the remote 390 build server. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>JCL procedure</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> system administrator
must configure the sample JCL procedures according to the installation
and site requirements. Refer to the <cite>Host Configuration Guide</cite> to
locate instructions and details that are related to configuring the
JCL procedures. These procedures are run to accomplish any compile,
link, or run requests that are submitted from the workbench.</p>
<p>The default properties on the client include the default names
that are used in the default procedures. If you decide to specify
any compiler options, then a statement is generated to override the
compiler options in the procedure. In general, when properties are
specified, then those settings are used to override the PROC statements.</p>
<p>By default SYSIN, SYSLIB, and SYSLIN are generated by the workbench-generated
JCL. Typically, when you use the compiler procedures, you provide
the SYSIN and SYSLIB. For <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> procedures,
the generation also provides the SYSLIN card.</p>
<note othertype="Customizing JCL procedure support" type="other">With
customized JCL procedure support, you can supply or remove positional
parameters from the JCL procedure. The parameter and value pair are
treated as properties. The rules for inheritance, export, and import
apply to these properties. You can specify user variable and value
pairs in the Assembler, COBOL, PL/I, Link, and Run wizard and property
tab pages.<p>You can also customize the build steps in the procedures
that your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> system administrator
defined. For more information about customizing build steps, see <xref
href="tzdcmn151.dita"></xref>).</p></note>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdcmn016.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn113.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn114.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn115.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn151.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn117.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn118.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn119.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="rzdembed.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.doc/topics/newchap2.dita" scope="local" otherprops="Wazi"
><linktext><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"
/> Host Configuration Guide</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190837 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003434?>
