<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="czderrorfeedback" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Extensible error feedback mechanism</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The error feedback mechanism captures and displays error
messages that are generated during remote build, remote syntax check,
or show dependencies of COBOL and PL/I language source files with
the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor
and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator. This mechanism
can be extended to support custom preprocessors and more languages,
such as Assembler.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>error feedback<indexterm>mechanism</indexterm><indexterm>extension</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The base function of the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> error feedback
mechanism supports error feedback for remote build, remote syntax check, or show dependencies of
COBOL and PL/I language source files. Errors that result from a remote build or a remote syntax
check of a COBOL or PL/I program are reported to the <wintitle>Remote Error List</wintitle>.</p>
<note type="restriction">The error feedback mechanism supports remote
build, remote syntax check, and show dependencies operations only.
It does not support the <uicontrol>Generate JCL</uicontrol> actions.</note>
<p>The error feedback process depends on an XML file that is created
during COBOL or PL/I compilation with the Enterprise version of the
COBOL or PL/I compiler. This base function supports error feedback
with the Enterprise versions of COBOL and PL/I as they support the
integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor and <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator, thus allowing
the errors from the coprocessor or translator to be fed back with
the correct line numbers. This function is provided without any setup
or user action required.</p>
<p>This error feedback mechanism is extensible: with some setup on
the client workspace, it can be extended to also provide error feedback
from custom preprocessors and from other language source files, such
as Assembler. The mechanism defines an XML schema that you can use
to create an XML file to report errors from custom preprocessors or
other languages in the <wintitle>Remote Error List</wintitle>. The
following topics describe how to create and use this XML file.</p>
<section><title>Error feedback for COBOL and PL/I</title><p>Error
feedback for COBOL and PL/I depends on an XML file that is generated
during the compilation or syntax check process on the remote system.
The COBOL and PL/I compilers write the errors to any data set member
or sequential data set that is referred to by the SYSXMLSD DD card
in the JCL being used for compilation or syntax check.</p><p>During
remote build, remote syntax check or show dependencies operations,
the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
generates JCL to run the JCL procedures that the user specified in
the properties and submits the generated JCL on behalf of the user.
During JCL generation for these operations, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
allocates a sequential data set based on the <uicontrol>Data Set Qualifier
for Compile Errors</uicontrol> field of the <wintitle>COBOL</wintitle> or <wintitle>PL/I
Compile Step Options</wintitle> window and refers to it using the <codeph>SYSXMLSD
DD</codeph> card to establish the handshake between the COBOL or PL/I
compiler processes on the remote system and <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> compilation
and syntax check operations. Because the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
allocates this data set, it also tracks it, locates it when the compilation
or syntax check operation is complete, parses it, and populates the
remote error list. </p></section>
<section><title>Error feedback extension</title><p>The same scheme
that is used for error feedback for COBOL and PL/I can be used to
extend the error feedback scheme to support other languages and custom
preprocessors. The error feedback extensibility scheme works only
when you use the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> build
process. The Related Tasks describe how to set up the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> client
to take advantage of the extensible error feedback mechanism.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcustbld.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdefclient.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190823 4?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005195?>
