<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="czdhostbased" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Host-based projects</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>A host-based project is defined on a <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system and downloaded to the workstation
automatically when you connect to the remote system. Host-based projects
enable an installation to define and automatically propagate projects
on client workspaces from a central location. They provide a means
for standardizing project definitions. A host-based project includes
the project, its properties, and its member resources.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>projects<indexterm>host-based</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>host-based projects</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Use of host-based projects allows an administrator to tightly control
project structure and behavior on the remote system, since certain
actions are disabled for host-based projects. Renaming or deleting
projects and subprojects, for example, adding or removing subproject
members, and creating new remote projects or subprojects associated
with host-based project systems are actions that are disabled for
host-based projects. </p>
<p>Because host-based projects are defined in a central location and
downloaded to a workstation, there are some differences between how
you use host-based projects and how you use workstation-based projects:</p>
<ul>
<li>Only the creator or authorized users of host-based projects can
alter project properties and project structure. Their properties are
defined and controlled on the remote system on which they are created.<note>Although
properties for host-based subprojects can be changed in the user interface,
they are not saved on the client after you disconnect from the remote
system.</note></li>
<li>You cannot control whether host-based projects are downloaded
to your workstation when you connect. Host-based projects are defined
so that they are automatically downloaded when you connect. </li>
<li>Host-based projects cannot contain resources from multiple remote
systems. All resources are on a single remote system.</li>
<li>When you disconnect from a remote system, the host-based projects
are removed from your <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view.</li>
</ul>
<p>Whether projects are host- or workstation-based is controlled by
the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system. If you connect
to multiple remote systems, your workspace might contain both host-
and workstation-based projects.</p>
<p>For instructions on configuring and using host-based projects,
see the following topics:</p>
<ul>
<li><xref href="tzdcfghostbased.dita" type="task"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="tzdusehostbased.dita" type="task"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="tzdslvhostbased.dita" type="task"></xref></li>
</ul>
</conbody>
<?tm 1435190830 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003102?>
