<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="czdptc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Distributing updates by using push-to-client</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Distributing updates by using push-to-client</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Distributing updates by using push-to-client</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can configure <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> to automatically
distribute updates to configuration files, preference settings, and remote system connections when
client workstations connect to a remote system. This feature is called <term>push-to-client</term>.
By using it, you can store workspace configurations in a central location and push them to client
workstations so that your developers have a consistent workspace environment.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>distributing product and configuration updates</indexterm>
<indexterm>push-to-client</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>push-to-client</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<section>
<title id="ptcoverview">Push-to-client overview</title>
<p>Implementing a push-to-client environment involves several tasks: some on the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system and some on a client workstation. The following is an overview of
how to implement a push-to-client environment. It defines some of the terms and resources that are
used in this environment. The details for implementing push-to-client are described in
subtopics.</p>
<ol>
<li>Configure push-to-client on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>.<p>Each remote system
from which you intend to distribute product updates and configurations must be set up to support
push-to-client.</p><ol>
<li>One <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system must be defined as the
<term>primary</term> system. The primary system is the controlling system in a push-to-client
environment. Only one <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system can be defined as primary.
The primary system stores global configuration files, which apply to all systems in the
push-to-client environment, and system configuration files, which apply only to the primary system
itself. The global configurations are product updates, Eclipse preferences, <ph otherprops="IDz">Menu Manager files, </ph>and remote system connections.</li>
<li>Other <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> systems can be enabled for push-to-client as
non-primary systems. Non-primary systems define only system configurations, which apply only to the
non-primary system itself. System configurations are <ph otherprops="IDz">host-based projects,</ph>
property groups, default values, file mappings, and remote index search.</li>
</ol><p>The starting point for configuring push-to-client on a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system is a root file that is called <filepath>pushtoclient.properties</filepath>, which
is in the <filepath>/etc/zexpl/</filepath> directory on the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system. This file contains entries that specify configuration parameters, such as:<ul>
<li otherprops="IDz">Whether the function is enabled for product updates: indicated by setting
<codeph>product.enabled=true</codeph>.</li>
<li>Whether the function is enabled for configuration updates: indicated by setting
<codeph>config.enabled=true</codeph>.</li>
<li>Whether the current system is the primary system, that is, the system that controls the
push-to-client feature: indicated by specifying <codeph>primary.system=true|false</codeph>.</li>
<li>Where to find the main configuration file, <filepath>keymapping.xml</filepath>: indicated by
setting <codeph>pushtoclient.folder=/var/zexpl/pushtoclient</codeph>, the default location. The key
mapping file contains pointers to a set of files that contain the application-related settings.
These pointers are created from a <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> client as part of
the configuration file export process, described in step <xref href="#czdptc/export" />.</li>
<li rev="803">Whether group-level control of <ph otherprops="IDz">product and </ph>configuration
updates is enabled: indicated by setting an access control attribute for certain configuration
parameters in the <filepath>pushtoclient.properties</filepath> file. This feature allows a system
administrator to create client groups and provide updates that are specific to each group. For
example, to enable group control of configuration updates through <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm>, specify <codeph>config.enabled=saf</codeph>. To enable group control of configuration
updates through LDAP, specify <codeph>config.enabled=ldap</codeph>. In the directory identified by
the setting of pushtoclient.folder=/var/zexpl/pushtoclient, you must also create a folder named
<filepath>grouping</filepath>. In the grouping folder, you must create a folder for each <tm trademark="RACF" tmtype="reg">RACF</tm> or LDAP security group that is defined for use. The folder name must match the name of the security group exactly.</li>
</ul></p><p id="groups_info">For information about setting up LDAP access groups and SAF-based
access groups, see <ph otherprops="Wazi"><xref href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.reference.doc/topics/pushtoclient_consider.dita" /> in</ph> the
Host Configuration Reference.</p></li>
<li>Configure a model workspace with settings that you want to push out to other workspaces when
access groups, see <ph otherprops="Wazi"><xref href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.reference.doc/topics/pushtoclient_consider.dita" /> in</ph> the
Host Configuration Reference.</li>
<li>Configure a model workspace with settings that you want to push out to other workspaces when
they connect to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system.<p>After the remote system is
set up, you can begin configuring the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> settings you want
to push out to the rest of the organization. For most settings, such as Eclipse preferences, remote
system connections, property groups, and file system mappings, this task is accomplished by updating
the settings locally on a client. Some settings, such as <ph otherprops="IDz">product updates,
host-based projects, and </ph> default values, must be configured manually on the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system.</p><p conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/ptcmaster" /></li>
<li id="export">Export the workspace settings to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>
system by using the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> configuration
export wizard.<p>The export wizard uploads the local configuration files (Eclipse preferences,
remote system connections, property groups, and file system mappings) from the model workspace to
the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system. Only users who have authority to write files
to the folder that contains the key mapping file on the remote system can export settings. After the
settings are exported, users who connect to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system
are prompted to update their workspaces with these settings.</p></li>
</ol>
<p>For information about configuring and exporting the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> settings you want
to push out to client workstations, see the remaining topics that are linked to in this section.</p>
</section>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000009232?><?tm 1665693491579 15 z/OS||RACF ?>
