<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="czdsyntax" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Checking syntax</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> provides
two options for checking the syntax of your resources: local syntax
check and remote syntax check.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>MVS subproject<indexterm>syntax checking</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>local syntax check</indexterm><indexterm>remote syntax
check</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p rev="803"><note type="attention">Local syntax check is deprecated.</note>You
can do a local syntax check on COBOL or PL/I files or a remote syntax
check on COBOL, PL/I, or Assembler files:</p>
<ul>
<li>A <term>local syntax check</term> uses the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> COBOL or PL/I compiler to check the
syntax of resources. You can use local syntax check on resources that
are stored locally or on remote resources. Local syntax checking saves
processing time and avoids the expense (if any) that is associated
with added <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> CPU cycles.
To perform a local syntax check, the source file you want to check
must be in an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.
The subproject might be in either offline or online state.</li>
<li rev="803">A <term>remote syntax check</term> uses the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> JCL procedure support to submit resources to a <tm trademark="z/OS" tmtype="reg">z/OS</tm>-based compiler or assembler for syntax checking. For remote syntax checking from an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject, the subproject must
be in online state. A remote syntax check allows for a final syntax
check on the target machine. You can perform a remote check syntax
operation on the following resource types:<ul>
<li>COBOL, PL/I, and Assembler source files in a local <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project</li>
<li>COBOL, PL/I, and Assembler source files in a partitioned data
set in an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject or on
a remote system</li>
<li>A local file or remote partitioned data set member that is open
in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX Editor,
COBOL Editor, or PL/I Editor</li>
</ul>    </li>
</ul>
<note type="restriction">
<ul>
<li>The syntax check action is not supported for sequential data sets or <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects.</li>
<li><ph id="sosi-local-syntax-check">Local syntax checking does not support shift-out-shift-in
(SOSI) sources. The importer that is used to do the local syntax check supports only UTF-8 encoding.
Translating CP-930 and other SOSI sources into UTF-8 alters the column locations for some
characters, and this alteration results in unexpected errors.</ph></li>
<li>Remote syntax check cannot be performed when either the Db2 Precompiler Step or the CICS
Translator Step is enabled in the property group because error feedback is not supported for these
steps.  To temporarily override these options:<ol>
<li>Select the file for which you want to perform a remote syntax check.</li>
<li>Right-click and select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Property Group</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Override Properties</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. The property group editor opens a copy of the property group specific to the
file.</li>
<li>On the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page, disable the procedure containing the <tm trademark="Db2" tmtype="reg">Db2</tm> Precompiler Step or the <tm trademark="CICS" tmtype="reg">CICS</tm> Translator Step and save the property group.</li>
<li>Perform the syntax check.</li>
<li>To re-enable the procedure, right-click the file and select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Property Group</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Delete Overrides</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</li>
</ol></li>
</ul>
</note>
<p>In relation to local or remote syntax checks, any copybooks, include
files, or macros are checked if they are referenced in the source
and are accessible. Errors are displayed in the <wintitle>Remote Error
List</wintitle> view, and you can double-click an error entry to open
the file (potentially an included file) where the error was found.</p>
<p>In the absence of language elements that require special processing, it is recommended that you first check your code locally. After you remove most of the errors, you can check your code against a <tm trademark="z/OS" tmtype="reg">z/OS</tm>-based compiler.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn055.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdcmn056.dita" type="task" />
<link href="czdcmn018.dita" type="concept" otherprops="IDz" />
<link href="tzdcicslevel.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task" />
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
</related-links>

</concept><?Pub *0000003762?><?tm 1665694000174 14 z/OS||z Systems||Windows||MVS||Db2||CICS ?>
