<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN" "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="czdsmartlog" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Smart logical ordering scheme</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The smart logical layout scheme was introduced into the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> product
to overcome restrictions of the logical ordering scheme and to provide
for the special requirements of programming languages.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>smart logical ordering scheme</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The smart logical layout was introduced in the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> product
to solve two main problems:</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Round-trip problem</dt>
<dd>The implicit (logical) reordering algorithm has known restrictions
that do not allow for correct handling of some strings that contain
bidirectional text. As a result, users cannot easily generate certain
presentations. These restrictions also create ambiguity during visual
to logical conversion, which is performed when data is downloaded
from a <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="zSeries">zSeries</tm> remote
system to a <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> or <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> client. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Complex expressions handling</dt>
<dd>Text that is written in formal languages (such as programming
languages) must obey rules that dictate the order of different tokens
according to the appropriate syntax. If some of the tokens contain
right-to-left (RTL) letters, the reordering that is performed for
presentation according to the regular algorithm might cause the tokens
to be displayed in an order different from the syntactical order.
As a result, structured bidirectional data can be broken by visual-to-logical
conversion, which is unaware of the data structure. Assume, for example,
that a COBOL file on an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> system
contains the following line of code in which the tokens are Arabic
or Hebrew: <codeblock>STRING "token1", "token2", "token3", "token4"</codeblock>After
visual-to-logical conversion, this row looks correct (the same as
on the host) in any logical editor, but is stored in the opposite
order:<codeblock>STRING "token4", "token3", "token2", "token1"</codeblock></dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<section><title>Solving the round-trip problem</title><p>To solve
the round-trip problem, the bidirectional conversion algorithm is
supplied with a special option. When this option is specified (that
is, when the smart logical client layout is defined by a <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> user),
bidirectional text with potential ambiguity is preceded automatically
by LRM or RLM marks. These marks are also called <term>intra-token
marks</term>.</p></section>
<section><title>Solving the problem of complex expressions handling</title><p>Resolution
of complex expressions problems is also based on use of LRM marks.
Unfortunately, it is not possible to resolve this problem with a generic
solution because resolution depends on particular language syntax.
Visual-to-logical conversion for source programs that are written
in COBOL, C/C++, PL/I, HLASM, and XML was extended to support LRM
marks insertion, when smart logical client layout is defined by the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> user.
Marks that are introduced by the smart logical algorithm to solve
language-dependent syntax problems are called <term>inter-token marks</term>.</p><note othertype="Next" type="other"><xref href="czdbiditools.dita" type="concept" /></note></section>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000004079?><?tm 1670257711777 4 zSeries||Windows||MVS||Java ?>
