<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="czdsubprojects" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects represent
the programming resources that constitute a single load module. Subprojects
that are created under the same remote system definition can share
the system's properties. Subprojects that are defined under the same
project can be built by using a single build command. <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects allow for working with multiple
load modules under a single project construct.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>MVS subprojects</indexterm><indexterm>subprojects,
MVS</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects inherit their
current property group from the remote system under which they are
defined. If you change the current property group for the system or
change property values in that property group, they are propagated
to the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject. However,
you can also assign a different property group to a project or subproject
to differentiate its property values from the properties of the remote
system. </p>
<p>The <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view provides an option to turn off file
extensions for files in <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects. From the menu, click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Show</uicontrol><uicontrol>MVS File Extensions</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdnewsubproject.dita"></link>
<link href="tzdcopysubproject.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn049.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn144.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcreateds.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcreatemem.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn050.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn051.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn074.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn075.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn052.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn060.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn048.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190831 6?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002819?>
