<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="issuing_tso_commands_t" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Issuing TSO commands</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Issuing TSO commands</navtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can issue TSO commands on the remote system from your
workstation.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>iIssuing TSO commands</indexterm><indexterm>TSO
commands<indexterm>issuing</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>issuing
TSO</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Before you issue TSO commands, you must connect to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system. <note>The TSO command shell supports interactive TSO command submission if the RSED daemon is configured to use Interactive ISPF Gateway. Contact your <tm trademark="z/OS" tmtype="reg">z/OS</tm> Systems Programmer to learn if Interactive ISPF Gateway is configured.</note></prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To issue a TSO EXEC command, follow these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote System</wintitle> view, expand
the remote system. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Right-click <uicontrol>TSO Commands</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>A menu opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Launch Shell</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
TSO command shell opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Command</uicontrol> field, type an EXEC
command and press Enter.</cmd><stepxmp>For example, type <cmdname>exec
'MYUSERID.REXX.SCRIPTS(MYSCRIPT)'</cmdname>, where</stepxmp><info><ul>
<li>MYUSERID is the high-level qualifier</li>
<li><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="tm" trademark="REXX">REXX</tm> is
the middle-level qualifier</li>
<li>SCRIPTS is the low-level qualifier</li>
<li>MYSCRIPT is a <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="tm" trademark="REXX">REXX</tm> script
you wrote</li>
</ul></info><stepresult>The command is sent to the server. Control
is returned to you while the command processes in the background.
The result of the command is displayed.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdtsosave.dita" type="task" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000002174?><?tm 1665694000991 4 z/OS||REXX ?>
