<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="r_loc_preproc_opt_vars" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Variables in local preprocessor options</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Variables in local preprocessor options</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Variables in local preprocessor options</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>To help generalize project builds, you can use variables
in any of the fields on the <wintitle>Local Preprocessors</wintitle> page
of the <wintitle>Local COBOL Settings</wintitle> or <wintitle>Local
PLI Settings</wintitle> page of a property group.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>local preprocessor options<indexterm>variables</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>variables<indexterm>local preprocessor options</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>${bundle:<varname>packageName</varname>}/<varname>path</varname></dt>
<dd>The location of an unpacked bundle, or plug-in, where a local preprocessor is defined. You can
use this variable to point to a local preprocessor plug-in that is installed in the product.
<varname>packageName</varname> is the plug-in name and <varname>path</varname> is the location of
the preprocessor in the plug-in.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>${project_loc}</dt>
<dd>The project location. It can be used to add the location on disk
of the project. If you must pass the name of a folder in your project
to your preprocessor, you can specify it as <userinput>${project_loc}\folder1</userinput>.
Upon invocation of the preprocessor, ${project_loc} is substituted.
 </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>${rdz_cache_home}</dt>
<dd>When you use a local preprocessor with a remote file, it might be necessary to reach the root
cache location. This location is the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> cache location
that is described in the ${rdz_cache_sysn} variable explanation. This variable does not include the
<filepath>FttRemoteTempFiles\RSE Connection Name</filepath> subfolders. The
<filepath>BuildOutput</filepath> folder for a local syntax check of a remote file is in the
${rdz_cache_home} location. This folder is the one from which the local preprocessor is
started.<note conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>${rdz_cache_sysn}</dt>
<dd>When you use a local preprocessor with a remote file, it might be necessary to be able to point
to your file in the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> download
location. This location depends on your workspace location. The local syntax of a remote file
downloads your compilation dependencies. The download location is the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> cache location.
When you request a local syntax check of a remote file, the preprocessor must be running on the
remote system. A combination of a preprocess and a compilation is performed on the remote system,
and a list of build dependencies is created. This list is the same list of files that is displayed
when you perform the <uicontrol>Show Dependencies</uicontrol> operation on the file. This list is
the same list of files that you see when you click <uicontrol>Dependent Files</uicontrol> on the
<wintitle>Check Dependencies</wintitle> window from the <uicontrol>Syntax Check > Local</uicontrol>
action. These files are downloaded to the cache location. You might need to point to a file or a
folder with the ${rdz_cache_sysn} variable. If a data set member
<filepath>USERID.A001.COPYLIB(MEM1)</filepath> is one of your dependent files, for example, you
might need to point to the cache location of that file for your local preprocessor to consume. One
way to do that is to set an environment variable to the folder that contains the downloaded member.
You can do set this variable in the preprocessor environment variable entry field: <userinput>SET
SYSLIB=${rdz_cache_sysn}\USERID\USERID.A001.COPYLIB</userinput>. The parent of the folder
corresponding to the data set is the high-level qualifier of the data set name that contains the
member. The variable ${rdz_cache_sysn} is substituted with <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> cache location
<filepath>FttRemoteTempFiles\RSE Connection Name</filepath>.<note
conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>${resource_fn}</dt>
<dd>The unqualified file name of the current resource that is being
preprocessed. If you built a project, and there were 3 COBOL files
in your project, <filepath>RED.cbl, WHITE.cbl</filepath>, and <filepath>BLUE.cbl</filepath>,
for each preprocess during the project build a value would be assigned
to that variable. The value would be either RED, WHITE, or BLUE. This
variable is of value when you are specifying preprocessor values on
the project. For example, specifying <userinput>${resource_fn}_PP1.dek</userinput> in
the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Output File Name</uicontrol> entry field
leads to output files <filepath>RED_PP1.dek</filepath>, <filepath>WHITE_PP1.dek</filepath>,
and <filepath>BLUE_PP1.dek</filepath>, in the <filepath>BuildOutput</filepath> folder.
 </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>${resource_loc}</dt>
<dd>The location on disk of the resource that is being preprocessed. If the preprocessor requires
the exact location of the file on disk to preprocess it, you can use this variable, and upon
invocation, the value of the resource location on disk is substituted. When you request a local
syntax check of a remote file, the value of ${resource_loc} in the local preprocessor options is the
location of the file in the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> cache.<note
conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry otherprops="IDz">
<dt>${INSTDIR}</dt>
<dd>The product installation directory. In version 14.1.4 or earlier, you can use the ${INSTDIR}
variable to point to the product installation directory. This variable is used to find the include
preprocessor that is shipped with the product.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdlocprocopts.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
</related-links>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005968?>
