<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="r_pg_subvars" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Substitution variables in property group pages</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Substitution variables in property group pages</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Substitution variables in property group pages</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can use substitution variables in property group pages
to increase their flexibility and portability.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>substitution variables<indexterm>property group
pages</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>property group pages<indexterm>substitution variables</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>The property group pages support the following substitution
variables:<simpletable>
<sthead>
<stentry>Variable</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Where it is allowed</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><varname>&lt;HLQ></varname></stentry>
<stentry>The current high-level qualifier. <p>This variable gets its
value from two different places, depending on where you are using
it in the product.<ul>
<li> In the <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view, <varname>&lt;HLQ></varname> comes
from the HLQ property that is set on the subproject.  The values available
for <varname>&lt;HLQ></varname> in the subproject come from the filters
that you set in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.  In
a subproject, <varname>&lt;HLQ></varname> resolves to the value that
is set on the subproject.   </li>
<li>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, the <varname>&lt;HLQ></varname> is
the leftmost qualifier of the fully qualified data set member that
you selected for the action. </li>
</ul></p></stentry>
<stentry>Any field that takes a data set name.</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><varname>&lt;JOBNAME></varname></stentry>
<stentry>A generated job name for batch jobs.</stentry>
<stentry><uicontrol>JCL job card</uicontrol> on the <wintitle>JCL
Job Card and Data Set</wintitle> page.</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><varname>&lt;MEM></varname></stentry>
<stentry>The current data set member that you selected and upon which
the action is run.  If you are building a subproject, it is the current
member that is processed in the course of the subproject build.</stentry>
<stentry>Any field that takes a member name.</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><varname>&lt;USERID></varname></stentry>
<stentry>The user ID that you used to connect to the remote system.</stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1435190819 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002838?>
