<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzdbmsstepopts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>BMS step options</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>BMS step options</navtitle>
<searchtitle>BMS step options</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<abstract><shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>BMS Step Options</uicontrol> to edit the ASMMAP step of the
ELAXFBMS JCL procedure that is included with the product.</shortdesc>Before you start, verify that
the ELAXFBMS procedure is customized for your site. For more information about customizing the
ELAXF* JCL procedures, see <xref href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.doc/topics/elaxf.dita"
scope="peer">ELAXF* remote build procedures</xref>.</abstract>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>BMS step options</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>The options that you specify on this window are used to generate JCL
for the selected procedure.</section>
<section>
<title>Fields</title>
<p><uicontrol>BMS Map Object Library:</uicontrol> The location where the generated physical map
object is placed.</p>
<p><uicontrol>BMS DSECT Step Name:</uicontrol> The name of the step for assembling macros to produce
the symbolic map.</p>
<p><uicontrol>BMS DSCTLIB Library:</uicontrol> The location where the symbolic map is placed.</p>
<note>For fields that take partitioned data sets as their value, you can drag a partitioned data set
name from the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view, or
<wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle> results view and drop it in the field. To change the order
of partitioned data set names in a field, place the cursor in the field and click <uicontrol>Change
Order</uicontrol> from the menu. </note>
</section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1435190820 0?>
<related-links>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000001675?>
