<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzdcicstepopts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator step options</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>CICS translator step options</navtitle>
<searchtitle>CICS translator step options</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<abstract><shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>CICS Translator Step Options</uicontrol> to specify
properties and options to be passed to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>
translator.</shortdesc>Before you start, verify that the ELAXFCOT procedure for COBOL or the
ELAXFPLT procedure for PL/I is customized for your site. For more information about customizing the
ELAXF* JCL procedures, see <xref href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.doc/topics/elaxf.dita"
scope="peer">ELAXF* remote build procedures</xref>.</abstract>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>CICS translator step options</indexterm>
<indexterm>ELAXFCOT</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>The options that you specify on this window are used to generate JCL
for the selected procedure. The information that you provide on this window pertains to remote COBOL
or PL/I compiler options. </section>
<section>
<title>Fields</title>
<p><uicontrol>Options:</uicontrol> Specify any options that must be passed to the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator. Separate multiple entries with spaces. This field is limited
to 100 characters.</p>
<p><uicontrol>SYSLIB</uicontrol>: Specify SYSLIB data set names. Separate multiple entries with
spaces. You can drag a partitioned data set name from the<wintitle> Remote Systems</wintitle> view,
<wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view, or <wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle> results view and
drop it in the field. To change the order of partitioned data set names in a field, place the cursor
in the field and click <uicontrol>Change Order</uicontrol> from the menu.</p>
</section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1435190820 3?>
<related-links>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002107?>
