<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzddefcicsopts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Default <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> preprocessor
options</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The default preprocessor options are based on the <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> product that is installed
on the workstation.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>CICS<indexterm>default preprocessor options</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>
<note conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/>
</section>
<section>Compiler
options for a local syntax check of a remote file are determined by
the options that are specified on the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> window.
The version of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> that is
installed on the workstation determines the correct preprocessor options
for a local syntax check of a remote file. When the <uicontrol>Preprocessor</uicontrol> check
box on the <wintitle>Local Compile Options</wintitle> page is selected,
the following  default preprocessor options are set according to the <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> product that is installed
on the workstation.<ul>
<li>COBOL and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> TX Series
6.1 or higher: CICSNT -lIBMCOB -adesvp</li>
<li>COBOL and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> TX Series
5.1: CICSNT -lIBMCOB -adesv</li>
<li>PL/I and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> TX Series
6.1 or higher: CICSTNT -lIBMPLI -adesvp</li>
<li>PL/I and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> TX Series
5.1: CICSTNT -lIBMPLI -adesvp</li>
<li>PL/I and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> TX Series
5.1: CICSTNT -lIBMPLI edf debug source print</li>
</ul>If no <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> product is
installed and the <uicontrol>Preprocessor</uicontrol> checkbox is
selected, an option for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="TXSeries">TXSeries</tm> 6.1 is generated.
Upon compilation, if the correct translator for the product cannot
be found, a window indicating that the translator cannot be found
opens a message is written to the log. For <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="TXSeries">TXSeries</tm> 6.1 or higher, the message indicates
which version of the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator
cannot be found.<p>If you request a local syntax check of a remote
file and the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="TXSeries">TXSeries</tm> 6.1
or higher product is not installed, the compiler options to start
the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> Translator are not
added to the syntax check. The syntax check returns an error message
that EXEC <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> statements were
found and you must install <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="TXSeries">TXSeries</tm>. If you request a
local syntax check of a remote file and you have <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="TXSeries">TXSeries</tm> 6.1 installed, but the level of <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="TXSeries">TXSeries</tm> required for that
syntax check is not available, the compiler reports the error. If,
for example, you select a host syntax of <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> Transaction Server 3.2 on the <wintitle>Procedures
and Steps</wintitle> page, but your compiler and integrated translator
do not support that level of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>,
you see a message similar to this message:<msgblock>IGYOS0226-E ERZ004081E: Invalid CICS option 'CTS32' specified.
IGYDS0139-W Diagnostic messages were issued during processing of compiler options. These messages are located at the beginning of the listing.</msgblock></p></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcicslevel.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="rzddefcicsopts.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190860 23?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004217?>
