<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzddb2stepopts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> precompiler step options</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Db2 precompiler step options</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Db2 precompiler step options</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<abstract><shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Db2 Precompiler Step Options</uicontrol> to specify
properties and options to be passed to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm>
precompiler.</shortdesc>Before you start, verify that the ELAXFCOP procedure for COBOL or ELAXFPLP
procedure for PL/I is customized for your site. For more information about customizing the ELAXF*
JCL procedures, see <xref href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.doc/topics/elaxf.dita" scope="peer"
>ELAXF* remote build procedures</xref>.</abstract>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>Db2 precompiler step options</indexterm>
<indexterm>ELAXFCOP</indexterm>
<indexterm>ELAXFPLP</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>The options that you specify on this window are used to generate JCL
for the selected procedure. The information that you provide on this window pertains to remote COBOL
or PL/I compiler options. </section>
<section>
<title>Fields</title>
<p><uicontrol>Options:</uicontrol> Specify <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> preprocessing
options; separate multiple options with spaces. This field is limited to 100 characters.</p>
<p><uicontrol>SYSLIB</uicontrol>: Specify SYSLIB for <tm trademark="Db2" tmtype="reg">Db2</tm>
preprocessing; separate multiple entries with spaces.</p>
<p><uicontrol>Database Request Module Location (DBRM):</uicontrol> The main output from the
precompiler is a database request module (DBRM). A DBRM is a data set that contains SQL statements
and remote system variable information that is extracted from the source program during program
preparation. The purpose of a DBRM is to communicate your SQL requests to <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> during the bind process. Specify only one entry.</p>
<p><uicontrol>SYSTSIN Instructions:</uicontrol> Type <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> Plan
instructions in this field. The field is echoed into the generated JCL. Currently, a sample is
specified but commented out. You can uncomment the sample and make any necessary changes. The entry
field must start with <userinput>//SYSTSIN DD DD *</userinput> followed by instructions or with a
pointer to a data set containing the instructions.</p>
<note>For fields that take partitioned data sets as their values, you can drag a partitioned data
set name from the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view, or <wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle>
results view and drop it in the field. To change the order of partitioned data set names in a field,
place the cursor in the field and click Change Order from the menu. </note>
</section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
</reference><?Pub *0000003090?><?tm 1665694002943 6 Db2 ?>
