<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzddsa" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Data set allocation rules</title>
<shortdesc>The <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
enforces certain rules for record format (RECFM), record length (LRECL),
and block size (BLKSIZE).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>data set allocation rules</indexterm><indexterm>rules<indexterm>data
set allocation</indexterm><indexterm>RECFM</indexterm><indexterm>LRECL</indexterm><indexterm>BLKSIZE</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>record format rules</indexterm><indexterm>record length
rules</indexterm><indexterm>block size rules</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>When you allocate a partitioned or sequential data set and
use the <wintitle>Data Set Characteristics</wintitle> page of the <wintitle>New
Data Set</wintitle> wizard to specify record format, record length,
and block size, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
enforces the following rules:<ul>
<li>With any value of record format except U, either record length
or block size is required, and both can be specified. A zero value
is the same as being unspecified. If you omit both record length and
block size, the wizard prompts you with the message <msgph>Record
Length: must not be empty</msgph> or <msgph>Block Size: must not be
empty.</msgph></li>
<li>If record format is F, FA or FM and both record length and block
size are specified, they must be equal. Either value defaults to the
other value. If you attempt to enter differing values for record length
and block size, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> interface
prompts you with the message <msgph>For the selected record format,
the values of record length and block size must be equal when both
are specified.</msgph></li>
<li>If record format is FB, FBA, or FBM, and both record length and
block size are specified, block size must be a multiple of record
length. If you specify record length without block size, OPEN calculates
an optimal value for block size that depends on the device type. If
you attempt to enter a value for block size that is not a multiple
of record length, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> interface
prompts you with the message <msgph>For the selected record format,
the value of block size must be a multiple of record length when both
are specified.</msgph></li>
<li>If record format is V, VB, VA, VBA, VM, or VBM and both block
size and record length are specified, block size must be at least
four more than the record length value.  If you specify record length
without block size, OPEN calculates an optimal value for block size
that depends on the device type.  It is at least four more than the
record length value. If you attempt to specify a value for block size
that is less than four more than record length, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> interface
prompts you with the message <msgph>For the selected record format,
the value of block size must at least four more than the value of
record length when both are specified.</msgph></li>
<li>If record format is VA, VBA, VM, or VBM, record length must be
at least 5. If you attempt to specify a value for record length that
is less than 5, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> interface
prompts you with the message <msgph>For the selected record format,
the value of record length must at least 5.</msgph></li>
<li>If record format is U, block size is required, and record length
is disabled. If you omit block size, the wizard prompts you with the
message <msgph>Block Size: must not be empty.</msgph></li>
</ul></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn039.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1337269559 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004363?>
