<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzdefcobol" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>PL/I program for generating error feedback XML and creating
expanded source</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The following sample PL/I program, TMPLT00, generates a
sample error feedback XML document. The sample is for illustration
purposes only.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>error feedback<indexterm>sample PL/I program</indexterm><indexterm>generating
an XML file</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>XML file for error feedback<indexterm>generating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section>Certain data structures in the program were chosen not for
their effectiveness, but for the sake of keeping the example small
to increase comprehension. The messages that are written in the XML
file are not checked for the need of entity reference substitutions
within the messages. This sample is similar to an include file preprocessor.
The preprocessor reads a COBOL file and writes what it reads to an
expanded source file. As reads the COBOL source, the preprocessor
looks for lines that have FRAGMENT member; beginning in column 1.
When a line that matches this description is found, the preprocessor
looks for the member in the FRAGMNT DD card concatenation. If the
file is not found on DASD, an error message is saved and is emitted
in the error feedback XML file. If the file is found on DASD, the
file is opened, and processing continues with that file, writing its
contents to the expanded source file. The expanded source file consists
of the original source file and all of the fragment files that the
preprocessor resolves.  <codeblock> TMPLT00 : Procedure (MYARGS ) options (main) ;
   dcl MYARGS CHAR(100) VARYING;
   dcl a char(100) varying;
   dcl sourcefn char(100) varying init("");
   dcl xmlfn char(100) varying init("");
   dcl outfn char(100) varying init("");
   dcl fragin file record input;
   dcl xin file record input;
   dcl xout file record output;
   dcl eof bit(1) init('0'b);
   dcl copyeof bit(1) init('0'b);
   dcl copyerr bit(1) init('0'b);

   dcl dsn char(255)varying init("");
   dcl fn char(255)varying init("");
   dcl fileattrs char(100)varying init("");

   dcl ZFLDATA ext('ZFLDATA')
        entry( char(255) varyingz byaddr,
               char(255) varyingz byaddr,
               char(100) varyingz byaddr )
        returns( byvalue fixed bin(31) )
        options ( nodescriptor );

   /*
   dcl ZFLDATA ext('ZFLDATA')
        entry( ptr byvalue,
               ptr byvalue,
               ptr byvalue)
        returns( byvalue fixed bin(31) )
        options ( nodescriptor );
     */
   /************************************/
   /*DATA STRUCTURES FOR XML FILE      */
   /************************************/
   dcl 1 resourceNode BASED (resourceHead),
         2 fileName char(100) varying,
         2 fileNum  fixed bin(15),
         2 nextResource ptr;
   dcl resourceHead ptr;

   dcl 1 stmtTblNode BASED (stmtTblHead),
         2 oln fixed bin(15),
         2 ofn fixed bin(15),
         2 iln fixed bin(15),
         2 ifn fixed bin(15),
         2 nextStmt  ptr;
   dcl 1 stmtTblHead ptr;

   dcl 1 errorMsgNode BASED (errorMsgHead),
         2  errfileNum fixed bin(15),
         2  errStmtNum fixed bin(15),
         2  errMsgID   char(8) varying,
         2  errMsgTxt  char(200) varying,
         2  nextErr    ptr;
   dcl 1 errorMsgHead ptr;

   dcl (pfn, pfileattrs, pdsn) ptr;
   /***********************************/
   /* on units                        */
   /***********************************/
   on endfile(xin) eof = '1'b;
   on endfile(fragin) copyeof = '1'b;
   on UNDEFINEDFILE(fragin) copyerr = '1'b;
   /*************************************/
   /* open files                        */
   /*************************************/
   /* call processParms; */
   /*************************************/
   /* open files                        */
   /*************************************/
   /*open file(xin) title('/C:\SEQSAVE\DATA\STARTAPP.CBL');*/
   /*open file(xout) title('/C:\SEQSAVE\DATA\STARTAPP.OUT');*/

   /* open file(xin) title('/'||sourcefn); */
   /* open file(xout) title('/'||outfn);   */
   /* int getFileData(char * dsn, char *fn, char *fileattrs)*/
   fn = "DD:XIN";
   fileattrs = "rb+,type=record";

   pfn = addr(fn);
   pfileattrs = addr(fileattrs);
   pdsn = addr(dsn);

   rc =   ZFLDATA(dsn, fn, fileattrs);
   display("DSN = "||DSN);
   open file(xin);
   open file(xout);

   /*************************************/
   /* process source file               */
   /*************************************/
   read file(xin) into(a);
   do while( eof = '0'b );
     call processLine;
     read file(xin) into(a);
   end;
   close file(XIN);
   close file(XOUT);
   DISPLAY (MYARGS);
   display (getenv('PATH'));




   /***************************************************/
   /* Show the configuration of the 3 towers.         */
   /***************************************************/
   processParms: proc;
      dcl xmlstart fixed bin(31);
      dcl xmlend   fixed bin(31);
      dcl xmlfnlen fixed bin(31);
      dcl outfnstart fixed bin(31);
      dcl outfnend fixed bin(31);
      dcl outfnlen fixed bin(31);
      dcl fntest1 char(100) varying;
      DCL filename2 char(10) varying init('filename');
      xmlstart = INDEX(MYARGS,'XML(',1);
      xmlend = INDEX(MYARGS,')',xmlstart);
      xmlfnlen = xmlend - xmlstart;
      xmlfnlen = xmlfnlen - 4;

      outfnstart = INDEX(MYARGS,'OUT(',1);
      outfnend = INDEX(MYARGS,')',outfnstart);
      outfnlen = outfnend - outfnstart;
      outfnlen = outfnlen - 4;

      sourcefn = SUBSTR(MYARGS,1,xmlstart - 2);
      xmlfn = SUBSTR(MYARGS,(xmlstart+4),xmlfnlen);
      outfn = SUBSTR(MYARGS,(outfnstart+4),outfnlen);

      display('sourcefn = '||sourcefn);
      display('xmlfn = '||xmlfn);
      display('outfn = '||outfn);
   end processParms;
   /***************************************************/
   /* Show the configuration of the 3 towers.         */
   /***************************************************/
   processLine: proc;
      dcl fraglen fixed bin(31);
      fraglen = LENGTH("FRAGMENT");
      display(a);
      IF SUBSTR(a,1,fraglen) = "FRAGMENT"  THEN
      DO;
        call processFragment;
      END;
      ELSE
      DO;
          write file(xout) from(a);
      END;

   end processLine;
   /***************************************************/
   /* Show the configuration of the 3 towers.         */
   /***************************************************/
   processFragment: proc;
      dcl pos fixed bin(31);
      dcl fragname char (100) varying;
      pos = index( a, ';', 1 );
      fragname = substr(a,10,(pos - 10));
      open file(fragin) title('/'||fragname);
      if copyerr = '0'b then
      do;
        read file(fragin) into(a);
        do while( copyeof = '0'b );
           write file(xout) from(a);
           read file(fragin) into(a);
        end;
        close file(fragin);
      end;
      else
      do;
           DISPLAY ("FILE NOT FOUND ERROR!!");
           copyerr = '0'b;
      end;

   end processFragment;
   /***************************************************/
   /* Show the configuration of the 3 towers.         */
   /***************************************************/
   saveError: proc;

     dcl jx            fixed bin(31);

     put skip list( '' );

   end saveError;
   /***************************************************/
   /* Show the configuration of the 3 towers.         */
   /***************************************************/
   storeStmtTbl: proc;

     dcl jx            fixed bin(31);

     put skip list( '' );

   end storeStmtTbl;

   /***************************************************/
   /* Show the configuration of the 3 towers.         */
   /***************************************************/
   write_XML: proc;

     dcl jx            fixed bin(31);

     put skip list( '' );


   end write_XML;


 End  TMPLT00 ;</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link href="rzdefschema.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link format="dita" href="rzdefc.dita" scope="local" type="reference">
</link>
<link href="rzdefassembler.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="tzdefclient.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="czderrorfeedback.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdbldprep.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdrunprep.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190823 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008775?>
