<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzdefcobol" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>COBOL snippet for generating error feedback XML file</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The following COBOL program snippet demonstrates a few
concepts that you might find helpful when you create your own preprocessor.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>error feedback<indexterm>COBOL snippet</indexterm><indexterm>generating
an XML file</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>XML file for error feedback<indexterm>generating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The snippet sets up file variables for the input file
for the preprocessor. SYSIN is used to as the input variable. By default,
the SYSIN variable is set when the JCL for invocation is generated.
The file variables for SYSXMLSD and SYSOUT are declared as well.</p><p>The
PERFORM Extract-DDDSN statement in the snippet performs a paragraph
that calls DYNQUERY. The output of DYNQUERY is similar to the output
of <xref format="dita" href="rzdefc.dita" scope="local" type="reference">ZFLDATA.</xref> 
The processing is different, and it is written in Assembler. If your
site does not have a C compiler, but you have <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/HLASM_fam"/>,
you might decide to call DYNQUERY from your preprocessor to retrieve
the data set name from a DD name.</p><p>The PERFORM Write-xml-line
statement performs a paragraph that writes the lines of an XML file
in UTF-8. If you write your XML file in UTF-8, make sure to include
ERRWDZ as one of the qualifiers in the <uicontrol>Data Set Qualifier
for Compiler Errors</uicontrol> entry field when you add a step for
your preprocessor in the Property Group Editor.</p><codeblock>
       Identification DIVISION.
         Program-ID. MPREPROC.
       Environment DIVISION.
        Input-output section.
         File-control.
           Select in-file
               Assign to SYSIN
      *         Organization is line sequential
               File status is in-file-status.
           Select out-file
               Assign to outfile
      *         Organization is line sequential
               File status is out-file-status.
           Select xml-file
               Assign to SYSXMLSD
      *         Organization is line sequential
               File status is xml-file-status.
       Data Division.
        File section.
        Fd in-file
             label records are standard
      *       recording mode is f
             record contains 80 characters
             block contains 0 records
             data record is Input-data.
        01 Input-data pic x(80).
        Fd out-file
             label records are standard
      *       recording mode is f
             record contains 80 characters
             block contains 0 records
             data record is output-data.
        01 output-data pic x(80).
        Fd xml-file
             label records are standard
      *       recording mode is v
      *      16383 - word for storing the record length
             record varying from 1 to 16379 characters
               DEPENDING ON xml-length
             block contains 0 records
             data record is xml-data.
        01 xml-data pic x(16379).
      *
      *  To run this, use a ddname
      *  //OUTFILE DD DSN=[DATASET](MEMBER),DISP=SHR
      *
       Working-Storage Section.
        01 Source-name pic x(54).
        01 Target-name pic x(54).
        01 Reverse-data pic x(16379).
        01 Temp-data pic x(16379).
        01 Nat-data pic n(16379) USAGE National.
        01 Num-chars pic 99999.
        01 xml-length pic 9(5).
        01 Program-flags.
          05 in-file-status pic xx value "00".
            88 inputfile-success value "00".
          05 out-file-status pic xx value "00".
            88 outputfile-success value "00".
          05 xml-file-status pic xx value "00".
            88 xmlfile-success value "00".
          05 In-file-count pic 999.
          05 Out-file-count pic 999.
          05 Input-eof pic x value " ".
          05 line-cursor pic 99999.
          05 line-cursor-end pic 99999.

          =================
          =================
          =================
        01 ddname-routine-data.
          05 ddname pic x(8).
          05 dsn pic x(54).
          05 spacestart pic 99.
          05 spaceend pic 99.
          =================
          =================
          =================
       Procedure DIVISION .
        mainline SECTION.
          =================
          =================
          =================
           PERFORM Extract-dsnnames
      * Open the input and output files
           OPEN INPUT in-file
           if not inputfile-success
             display 'Error opening input file ' in-file-status
             stop run
           end-if
           OPEN OUTPUT out-file
           if not outputfile-success
             display 'Error opening output file ' out-file-status
             stop run
           end-if
           OPEN OUTPUT xml-file
           if not xmlfile-success
             display 'Error opening xml file ' xml-file-status
             stop run
           end-if
          =================
          =================
          =================
           Perform until Input-eof IS EQUAL TO "1"
          =================
          =================
          =================
               READ in-file into Temp-data at end move "1" to Input-eof
               END-READ
               IF Input-eof IS EQUAL TO "0"
                 PERFORM Process-line
               End-IF
           End-perform.
          =================
          =================
          =================
           PERFORM Generate-xml-end-package
           goback
           .
      * Output: Source-name, Target-name
        Extract-dsnnames.
           MOVE SPACES to ddname
           MOVE "SYSIN" to ddname
           PERFORM Extract-DDDSN
           MOVE SPACES to Source-name
           MOVE dsn to Source-name
           MOVE SPACES to ddname
           MOVE "OUTFILE" to ddname
           PERFORM Extract-DDDSN
           MOVE SPACES to Target-name
           MOVE dsn to Target-name
           .
      * Input: DDNAME
      * Output: DSN
        Extract-DDDSN.
           MOVE SPACES TO dsn
           CALL "DYNQUERY" USING DDNAME, DSN.
           IF RETURN-CODE > 0 THEN
             DISPLAY "Error retrieving DSN for DDNAME " DDNAME
             DISPLAY "Return Code = " RETURN-CODE
             EVALUATE RETURN-CODE
               WHEN 1080
                 DISPLAY "DD for " DDNAME " was not found"
                 STOP RUN
               WHEN OTHER
                 STOP RUN
             END-EVALUATE
           END-IF
           PERFORM Remove-DSN-Spaces
          =================
          =================
          =================
        Generate-xml-end-package.
           MOVE SPACES TO Temp-data
           MOVE end-package TO Temp-data
           PERFORM Write-xml-line
          =================
          =================
          =================


        Write-xml-line.
      *    Assume text to be written to xml-file is in Temp-data
      *    Convert text to UTF-8 text
           Move Temp-data to Nat-data
           Move Function Display-of(Nat-data, 01208)
             to xml-data
      *    Calculate length of UTF-8 text
           Move Function Reverse(Temp-data) to Reverse-data
           Move 0 to Num-chars
           INSPECT Function Reverse(Temp-data)
             TALLYING Num-chars FOR LEADING SPACES
           Compute Num-chars = Function Length(Temp-data) - Num-chars
           Compute xml-length = Function LENGTH(
             Function Display-of(Nat-data(1:Num-chars),
                                 01208)
           )
           WRITE xml-data
           .
       End program MPREPROC.
</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link href="rzdefschema.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdefassembler.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="tzdefclient.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="czderrorfeedback.dita" type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190823 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008347?>
