<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzdembed" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Integrated and separate <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> and <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> steps</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>If your COBOL or PL/I programs use <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm>,
you can indicate whether to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor
or a separate step. Settings on the COBOL and PL/I <wintitle>Procedures
and Steps</wintitle> window control how JCL for these procedures is
generated.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Db2 integrated coprocessor</indexterm><indexterm>CICS
integrated translator</indexterm><indexterm>ELAXFCOP</indexterm>
<indexterm>ELAXFCOC</indexterm><indexterm>ELAXFCOT</indexterm>
<indexterm>ELAXFPLP</indexterm><indexterm>ELAXFPL1</indexterm>
<indexterm>ELAXFPLT</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>With COBOL programs</title><p>If you select <uicontrol>DB2</uicontrol> on
the <wintitle>Runtime Environments</wintitle> window and the ELAXFCOP
procedure is disabled, then ELAXFCOC is generated with PARMs that
tell the compiler to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor.
However, if you select <uicontrol>Db2</uicontrol> and the ELAXFCOP
procedure is enabled, then ELAXFCOC is generated with PARMs that tell
the compiler not to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor.
Instead, it uses the separate step (ELAXFCOP). In either case, the
compiler is started with ELAXFCOC, but whether it uses the integrated <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor depends on the PARMs
passed.</p><p>If you select <uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol> on the <wintitle>Runtime
Environments</wintitle> window and the ELAXFCOT procedure is disabled,
then ELAXFCOC is generated with PARMs that tell the compiler to use
the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> coprocessor.
However, if you select <uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol> and the ELAXFCOT
procedure is enabled, then ELAXFCOC is generated with PARMs that tell
the compiler not to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> coprocessor.
Instead, it uses the separate step (ELAXFCOT). In either case, the
compiler is started with ELAXFCOC, but whether it uses the integrated <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> coprocessor depends on the
PARMs passed. </p></section>
<section><title>With PL/I programs</title><p>If you select <uicontrol>Db2</uicontrol> on
the <wintitle>Runtime Environments</wintitle> window and the ELAXFPLP
procedure is disabled, then ELAXFPL1 is generated with PARMs that
tell the compiler to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor.
However, if you select <uicontrol>Db2</uicontrol> and the ELAXFPLP
procedure is enabled, then ELAXFPL1 is generated with PARMs that tell
the compiler not to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor.
Instead, it uses the separate step (ELAXFPLP). In either case, the
compiler is started with ELAXFPL1, but whether it uses the integrated <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor depends on the PARMs
passed.</p><p>If you select <uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol> on the <wintitle>Runtime
Environments</wintitle> window and the ELAXFPLT procedure is disabled,
then ELAXFPL1 is generated with PARMs that tell the compiler to use
the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> coprocessor.
 However, if you select <uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol> and the ELAXFPLT
procedure is enabled, then ELAXFPL1 is generated with PARMs that tell
the compiler not to use the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> coprocessor.
Instead, it uses the separate step (ELAXFPLT). In either case, the
compiler is started with ELAXFPL1, but whether it uses the integrated <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> coprocessor depends on the
PARMs passed.</p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1435190819 18?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004345?>
