<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="rzdlinkstepopt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Link step options</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Link Step Options</uicontrol> to specify
link settings, including link options and JCL-related options and
properties.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Fields</title><p><uicontrol>Link options:</uicontrol> Specify
any options that must be passed to the linkage editor. This field
is limited to 100 characters.</p><p><uicontrol>Link libraries:</uicontrol> The
names of the libraries to link your code with. Separate multiple libraries
with spaces.</p><p><uicontrol>Specify the position of the link libraries:</uicontrol> Select
this checkbox to leave a place holder for the libraries that might
already be listed in your procedure. </p><p><uicontrol>How many existing
link library data sets precede this entry?</uicontrol> Specify how
many libraries you want in your expanded JCL before the link libraries
specified in the <uicontrol>Link libraries</uicontrol> field.</p><p><uicontrol>Use
specified link instructions:</uicontrol> Select this checkbox to
pass link instructions to the linkage editor. Selecting this check
box activates the text-entry pane, where you can enter the link instructions.<note
rev="140">If the link instructions are being used and the specified
instructions already include the required system object (i.e. - INCLUDE
OBJ0000), the JCL generator will not generate the required system
INCLUDE instruction prior to the link instructions you specified.
You need to include the proper objects in the order you want.</note></p><?Pub
Caret -1?><p><uicontrol>Load module location:</uicontrol> The data
set where your load module must be placed after the link step.</p><p><uicontrol>Additional
JCL:</uicontrol> Specify any additional JCL. You might use this field
to override any default values defined in the step by your system
administrator.</p><note>For fields that take partitioned data sets
as their values, you can drag a partitioned data set name from the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view, <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view,
or <wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle> results view and drop it
in the field. To change the order of partitioned data set names in
a field, place the cursor in the field and click Change Order from
the menu. </note></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1435190820 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003092?>
