<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="rzdlogicalnot" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Specifying an alternative logical NOT symbol</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Specifying an alternative logical NOT symbol</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Specifying an alternative logical NOT symbol</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can define an alternative logical NOT symbol in a file mapping definition. The
alternative logical NOT symbol specifies the character that maps to X'5F' on the remote
system.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>mapping definition<indexterm>logical NOT symbol</indexterm><indexterm>logical NOT
symbol<indexterm>define an alternative</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>By default, alternative logical NOT symbols are supported for PL/I files only. To enable
alternative logical NOT symbols for COBOL files, you can set a preference on the <wintitle>MVS
Files</wintitle> preference page. For more information about this preference, see the related
topics.</prereq>
<context>
<div id="about-alt-logical-not">
<p><ph id="type_logical_not">The standard logical NOT symbol is ¬, which corresponds to EBCDIC code
point X'5F'. If you cannot type this symbol on your workstation because your keyboard does not
contain the ¬ character, then you can define an alternative NOT symbol, such as the exclamation
point (!) or caret symbol (^). If you configure an alternative NOT symbol such as ! or ^, you must
ensure that the symbol you configure is not present in another area of the file such as within a
literal or a comment. </ph></p>
<p>You can specify an alternative symbol in a file mapping definition. This action causes the
alternative symbol to map to EBCDIC code point X'5F' on the remote system. It also causes the
standard NOT symbol to no longer map to X'5F' unless you specify it as the logical NOT symbol in the
mapping definition. You can specify only one alternative logical NOT symbol. If you define the tilde
character (~) as the logical NOT symbol in a file mapping definition, for example, then the tilde
character, rather than the NOT symbol ¬, is mapped to the logical NOT operator X'5F'. </p>
<p>Specifying an inappropriate alternative logical NOT symbol can produce error CRRZI0487E when you
edit a file. When you specify an alternative NOT symbol, be careful to choose a character that is
not already present in your source file. For example, if your remote source file contains one or
more tilde characters (EBCDIC X'A1'), and you define the tilde character as the logical NOT symbol
in a file mapping definition, then all X'A1' code points might be changed to X'5F'. To prevent this
situation, the CRRZI0487E message is displayed, and the file is opened in browse mode so that you
cannot edit it.</p>
<note type="other" othertype="Preprocessors"><ph id="preproc_logical_not">When you run a
preprocessor against a PL/I source file, the product translates the preprocessed file into the UTF-8
code page, which is an ASCII-character code page. If the source file is encoded in EBCDIC and it
contains the EBCDIC character ¬ (X'5F'), then that character is translated to the ASCII character ¬
(X'C2AC'). Because the ASCII character for the PL/I NOT symbol is ^ (X'5E'), the preprocessor does
not recognize ¬ and returns an error message. To solve this issue define an alternative NOT symbol
by selecting <uicontrol>Other</uicontrol> and specifying ^. This definition results in the EBCDIC
character ¬ (X'5F') being correctly translated to ^ X'5E' in UTF-8. Any changes to the file are
correctly translated back to ¬ on the remote system.</ph></note>
<note>Any alternative NOT symbol that you define must not be a double-byte character. The PL/I
language requires that the NOT symbol be a single-byte character.</note>
</div>
</context>
<steps-unordered>
<stepsection>You can set an alternative logical not symbol on the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle>
page of a data set, on the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> page of the <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem, or in the <wintitle>Edit Data Set Mapping</wintitle> or
<wintitle>Add Data Set Mapping</wintitle> windows.</stepsection>
<step><cmd>From the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> page of a data set:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select a data set or partitioned data
set member and select <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Mapping</uicontrol> from the list of property
categories.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>PL/I logical NOT symbol</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Logical NOT
symbol</uicontrol> group box, click <uicontrol>Other</uicontrol> and type the alternative symbol in
the field.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> page of the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS"
>MVS</tm> Files subsystem:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol> and then select <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Code Pages</uicontrol> from the list of property
categories.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>PL/I logical NOT symbol</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Logical NOT
symbol</uicontrol> field, type an alternative symbol.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the <wintitle>Edit Data Set Mapping</wintitle> or <wintitle>Add Data Set
Mapping</wintitle> windows:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>In the <wintitle>z/OS File System Mapping</wintitle> view, select a PL/I or COBOL
mapping.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>From the menu, select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> or to create a mapping, select
<uicontrol>Add Data Set Mapping</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Edit Data Set Mapping</wintitle> or <wintitle>Add Data Set
Mapping</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>PL/I logical NOT symbol</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Logical NOT
symbol</uicontrol> group box, click <uicontrol>Other</uicontrol> and type the alternative symbol in
the field.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdmvspref.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190793 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005458?>
