<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><reference id="rzdp2herr" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Pushable Manifest Editor errors</title>
<shortdesc>These errors can occur when you create a mapping for remote
synchronization.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Pushable Manifest Editor<indexterm>errors</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>errors<indexterm>Pushable Manifest Editor</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><table><title>Pushable Manifest Editor errors</title>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1" /><colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="col3" />
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Severity</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Text</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Resolution</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>Invalid Format, expected path found ?</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">The file is in an unsupported format. A non-path
item was found when a path was expected. Open the <filepath>.RemoteMapping</filepath> file
in a text editor and correct the line in error.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>Unrecognized remote resource type ?</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Open the Pushable Manifest Editor and set a
valid remote resource type, or clear the mapping for that item.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>Unrecognized remote resource location</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Open the Pushable Manifest Editor and set a
valid remote resource location.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>Unspecified remote resource type</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Open the Pushable Manifest Editor and specify
a remote resource type, or clear the remote location.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>The Specified host ??? is unknown.</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Open the Pushable Manifest Editor and specify
a valid host location.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>A Host must be specified.</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Open the Pushable Manifest Editor and specify
a valid host location.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Error</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>The same remote resource is specified
multiple times.</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Each remote resource can be specified only once
per project.  Open the Pushable Manifest Editor and set one of the
local items in error to map to a different remote location.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Warning</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><msgph>Local Resource does not exist.</msgph></entry>
<entry colname="col3">Either create the local resource or clear the
mapping from the editor.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><p>Save the <uicontrol>RemoteMapping</uicontrol> file after you finish making any changes. If you
have automatic build enabled, any errors display in the file appear in the
<wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view. If automatic build is not enabled, start the build by choosing <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Project</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Build Project</uicontrol>
</menucascade> from the menu bar. If the <wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view is not visible, open it
by selecting <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><ph otherprops="IDz"> (on <tm trademark="Windows" tmtype="tm">Windows</tm>) or <uicontrol><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_full_ui" /></uicontrol>
(on macOS)</ph> &gt; <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Show View</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Problems</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. Clicking any error in the <wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view highlights the line
that must be corrected in the Pushable Manifest Editor.<note>You must build the project for the
<wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view to update. </note></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference><?Pub *0000004007?><?tm 1665694004290 1 Windows ?>
