<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_compress_pds" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Compressing partitioned data sets</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Compressing partitioned data sets</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Compressing partitioned data sets</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Compress</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Compress
with Backup</uicontrol> menu items to compress partitioned data sets.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>compress</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>compress with backup</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>partitioned data set<indexterm>compressing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>If a partitioned data set runs out of space or if you make
multiple changes to a partitioned data set or its members, you can
compress it to reduce the amount of space it uses. <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> supports
two compression actions:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Compress</uicontrol> compresses the data set.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Compress with Backup</uicontrol> creates a backup copy
of the data set before you compress it. If the compression action
is successful, the backup copy is deleted. If the compression action
fails, you can use the backup copy to restore the data set.</li>
</ul>The <uicontrol>Compress</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Compress with
Backup</uicontrol> actions are valid for partitioned data sets only.
They are not available for PDSE (Library) or sequential data sets.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select
a partitioned data set and then select <uicontrol>Compress</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Compress
with Backup</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult><ul>
<li>If you select <uicontrol>Compress</uicontrol>, the data set is
compressed.</li>
<li>If you select <uicontrol>Compress with Backup</uicontrol>, the <wintitle>Compress
with Backup</wintitle> window opens to prompt you for a backup data
set name.</li>
</ul></stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Do one of the following steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>To accept the default backup data set name, click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>To specify a different backup data set name, type a
new name and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>If
the compression action is successful, the backup data set is deleted.
The backup data set is saved only if the compression action fails.</stepresult>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1337269562 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002789?>
