<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_compare_files" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Comparing a file with a previous version</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Comparing a file with a previous version</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Comparing a file with a previous version</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>The compare feature can be used to determine the content
difference between two versions of the same file. Some features available in the source editor are
also available when you compare files, such as quick fix.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>compare<indexterm>files</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Right-click the file to be compared and click <uicontrol>Compare with</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Local History</uicontrol>. </cmd>
<stepresult>You can select a previous version of the file on your
local system to compare with the current version. If there is no local
history available to compare, a message is displayed.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Double-click the version that you want to compare. Versions
are listed by revision time.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>The compare editor opens on both files. Differences are
highlighted based on preference settings.</cmd><info>You can copy
differences from one file to another and use the various controls
in the editor to move from one difference to another. See <xref
format="html"
href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/reference/ref-25.htm"
scope="peer">Compare editor</xref> for details on using the editor.</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="html"
href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/reference/ref-25.htm"
scope="peer" type="reference"><linktext>Compare editor</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1333652806 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002018?>
