<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="t_set_other_srch_opts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting other search options</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Setting other search options</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Setting other search options</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>More search options are available in the <wintitle>Remote
z/OS Search</wintitle> window.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Remote z/OS Search<indexterm>other search options</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps-unordered>
<step id="search_in"><cmd>Set <uicontrol>Search in</uicontrol> options
to define the scope of a search. You can set the following search
scope options:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><uicontrol>System</uicontrol> to choose a remote system to
search. This list shows all defined remote system connections. If
you select a remote system to which you are not currently connected,
you are prompted to log in to that system.</choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Existing filters</uicontrol> shows all defined
filters for the selected remote system. If you are searching for data
set members, this list also shows partitioned data sets.</choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Other contexts</uicontrol> to specify a filter
string to search. This option allows for searching outside of defined
filters. <note>If you search on one or more remote resources outside
the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view (such as a remote data
set in the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view),
this option is enabled, and it specifies <systemoutput>&lt;selected
resources></systemoutput> as the filter string.</note></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set <uicontrol>Search result options</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>Click <uicontrol>Search
Options</uicontrol> to show the search result options on the window.
You can set the following search result options:</info>
<choices>
<choice><uicontrol>Search results limit</uicontrol> to set the maximum
number of search results to return. The default setting is <systemoutput>1000</systemoutput>.
 If you search for data sets or data set members, this option limits
the number of files that are returned. If you search for content strings,
this option limits the number of strings that are returned.</choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Include migrated</uicontrol> to search and return
migrated data sets.</choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Include offline volumes</uicontrol> to search and
return <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> volumes that are offline.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set <uicontrol>Content string options</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>For data set member and sequential data set searches, click <uicontrol>Search
Options</uicontrol> to show the content string options on the window.
These options are not displayed for partitioned data set searches.
You can set these content string options:</info>
<choices>
<choice><uicontrol>Case sensitive</uicontrol> finds only strings that
match the case in which you enter the search string.</choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Visual format</uicontrol> supports bidirectional
search strings in visual order (allows for typing a search string
right to left).</choice>
<choice><uicontrol>Search in logical files</uicontrol> enables searching
in smart logical files.</choice>
</choices>
<info>The <uicontrol>Visual format</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Search
in logical files</uicontrol> options are displayed only when the <uicontrol>Bidirectional
development specific capabilities</uicontrol> preference is set on
the <wintitle>Bidirectional Development</wintitle> preference page.</info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdcmn145.dita" scope="local" type="topic">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190808 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003983?>
