<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tz_ptc_reset" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Resetting workspace configuration files</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Resetting workspace configuration files</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Resetting workspace configuration files</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can reset the workspace configuration files that you
downloaded from the remote system by clearing the cached files.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>clear cached files</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>configuration files<indexterm>resetting</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>resetting configuration files</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>push-to-client<indexterm>resetting workspace
configuration files</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>Remote configuration files are stored in your workspace
in a folder named <filepath><varname>workspacePath</varname>\RemoteConfigurationFiles</filepath>.
This folder contains the following subfolders:<ul>
<li>A folder that is named <filepath>global</filepath>, which contains
global configurations. Global configurations are defined on the primary
push-to-client server.</li>
<li>One folder for each remote system to which you connect and that
is enabled for push-to-client.</li>
</ul><uicontrol>Clear Cached Files</uicontrol> on the <wintitle>Configuration
Files</wintitle> preference page deletes some of the contents of the <filepath>RemoteConfigurationFiles</filepath> folder. </p><p>You
might consider clearing the cached files in the following circumstances:<ul>
<li>If you are the push-to-client administrator, and you discover
that you set preferences or configured features in a way that you
did not intend to export to the remote system or group with which
the workspace is associated. <p>If you discover that you exported
configurations that you did not intend to export, then you can clear
the cached files, reconfigure the workspace, and then export the configurations
again. <uicontrol>Clear Cached Files</uicontrol> provides a way to
start over with workspace configurations.</p></li>
<li>If you downloaded configurations that you did not intend to download
when you connected to a remote system.<p>When you connect to a remote
system, the push-to-client feature prompts you with a list of recent
configuration updates. From this list, you can select the specific
configurations that you want to download. If you select a configuration
by mistake, you can clear the cached files, disconnect from the remote
system, and then connect again to choose the configurations you want
to download. </p></li><?Pub Caret 7?>
</ul></p><note type="important">If you changed configurations that
are downloaded from a remote system and you clear the cached files,
then any local changes you made to the downloaded configurations are
overwritten the next time you connect to the remote system.<p>Configurations
that you create locally, such property groups, are saved in a folder
that is called <filepath>client</filepath> and are not deleted when
you clear the cached files.</p></note></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To reset downloaded configuration files:</stepsection>
<step>
<cmd>On the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window, navigate to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Remote Systems</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Configuration Files</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Clear Cached Files</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The next time that you connect to any of the remote systems
that are enabled for push-to-client, you are prompted to accept configuration
changes.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
<result>Clearing the cached files affects your workspace in the following
ways:<ul>
<li>Eclipse preferences: No change. The preferences that you set are
left as they were even after the cache is cleared. The Eclipse preferences
are managed by the Open RSE base program, which has its own repository
for the preferences. Clearing the cached files deletes only the local
files in the <filepath>RemoteConfigurationFiles</filepath> folder.</li>
<li>Remote connections: No change. The remote connections are managed
by the Open RSE base program, which has its own repository for the
remote connections.</li>
<li>Property Groups: The imported property groups are deleted. Property
groups use the <filepath>RemoteConfigurationFiles</filepath> folder
as its repository and do not have another repository.</li>
<li> Mappings: The imported mappings are deleted.</li>
<li> Software Analyzer Configurations:  No change. The software analyzer
has a different repository from the <filepath>RemoteConfigurationFiles</filepath> folder.</li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdptcprefs.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdupdcfg.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="czdptc.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdcmn032.dita" scope="local" type="topic">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1337269546 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005325?>
