<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tza10104" xml:lang="en-us">
<!--Moved from reference directory to tasks directory in RDz 8.0-->
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<title>Setting preferences for COBOL code templates</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Setting preferences for COBOL code templates</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Setting preferences for COBOL code templates</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can modify, add, or delete COBOL template code and
comments.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>setting preferences for COBOL code templates</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can change the existing comment of the template or generated code, add comments or code to a
template, use code or comments from an existing XML file, or save one or more features to an XML
file. You can restore the product defaults for the templates. <ph otherprops="IDz">You can also
enable bidirectional visual editing.</ph></p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To configure generated COBOL code and comments, complete
the following steps:</stepsection>
<step>
<cmd>On the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window, navigate to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Features</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Code Templates</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
<stepresult>A list of the currently configured COBOL templates for comments and code are displayed.
The existing comment templates under <uicontrol>Comments</uicontrol> are as follows:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Copybook Comment</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Program Comment</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Data Division Comment</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Environment Division Comment</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>ID Division Comment</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Procedure Division Comment</uicontrol></li>
</ul>The existing code templates under <uicontrol>Code</uicontrol> are as follows:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Copybook</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Program</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Data Division</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Environment Division</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>ID Division</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Procedure Division</uicontrol></li>
</ul></stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Perform one or more of the following tasks:</cmd>
<choicetable relcolwidth="1 4">
<chhead>
<choptionhd>Task</choptionhd>
<chdeschd>Steps</chdeschd></chhead>
<chrow>
<choption>Change a template</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Select a name under <uicontrol>Comments</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Code</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> button. The <q><wintitle>Edit
template</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Edit the template, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Import a template</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol> button. The <wintitle>Open</wintitle> window
opens.</li>
<li>Select an XML file, and click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Export a template</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Export All</uicontrol> button, or select
one or more features and click the <uicontrol>Export</uicontrol> button.
The <q><wintitle>Export COBOL features</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Specify the location and file name of the XML file to be created,
and click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Restore template defaults</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Restore Defaults</uicontrol> button. The <wintitle>Confirm
Restore Defaults</wintitle> window opens.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. All COBOL feature customizations
are removed. The template defaults of a product are restored.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow otherprops="IDz">
<choption>Enable bidirectional editing</choption>
<chdesc>Select the <uicontrol>Enable BiDi Visual Editing</uicontrol> checkbox.</chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190835 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004236?>
