<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tza10105" xml:lang="en-us">
<!--Moved from reference directory to tasks directory in RDz 8.0-->
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<title>Setting preferences for features used by New COBOL Program
wizard</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Setting preferences for features</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Setting preferences for features that are used by New
COBOL Program wizard</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can define and customize the features available to
your generated COBOL programs. Some predefined features are provided.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>setting preferences for features used by New
COBOL Program wizard</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context rev="rdz80"><p>You can do these tasks: <ul>
<li>List current features for COBOL generation and add new features</li>
<li>Resequence, rename, exclude from the COBOL Program wizard, or
delete some or all of the features</li>
<li>Export features (including ones that you created) so that they
can be shared</li>
<li>Import features </li>
<li>Restore all features to their product defaults</li>
</ul></p></context>
<steps rev="rdz80">
<stepsection>To work with preferences for COBOL generation features,
complete the following steps:</stepsection>
<step>
<cmd>On the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> page, navigate to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Features</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
<stepresult>A list of the currently configured COBOL features is displayed. The default features are
as follows:<sl outputclass="checkoff">
<sli><uicontrol>Use BMS Maps</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Invoke CICS commands</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Use SQL statements</uicontrol></sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Handle SQL error return codes</uicontrol></sli>
</sl></stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Perform one or more of the following tasks:</cmd>
<choicetable relcolwidth="1 6">
<chhead>
<choptionhd>Task</choptionhd>
<chdeschd>Steps</chdeschd></chhead>
<chrow>
<choption>Change the order of the list </choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Select the name of a feature.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Up</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Down</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Add a feature to the list</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>. The <q><wintitle>New feature</wintitle></q> window
opens.</li>
<li>Type the name of the new feature and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>For each feature, you can define and customize the code that you
want to insert into each section of your COBOL program (for example,
the Working Storage section or the Procedure Division). In the tabbed
editors for each section, enter the code to define each feature. The
tabs are as follows:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Environment</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>File</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Working Storage</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Local Storage</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Linkage</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Procedure</uicontrol></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Rename a feature</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Select the name of a feature, and click <uicontrol>Rename</uicontrol>.
The <q><wintitle>Rename feature</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Type the new name, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Exclude a feature</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Clear the checkbox. You do not need to delete the feature.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Delete one or more features</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Select the name of a feature, and click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>.
The <q><wintitle>Confirm delete</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Save one or more features to a file</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Export All</uicontrol>, or select one or more
features and click <uicontrol>Export</uicontrol>. The <q><wintitle>Export
COBOL features</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Specify the location and file name of the XML file to be created,
and click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Use features from an existing XML file</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol>. The <q><wintitle>Import COBOL
features</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Select an XML file, and click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Restore the COBOL feature defaults</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Restore Defaults</uicontrol>. The <q><wintitle>Confirm
Restore Defaults</wintitle></q> window opens.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. All COBOL feature customizations
are removed. The product defaults are restored.</li>
</ol></chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190835 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005221?>
