<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdbidipds" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting bidirectional conversion support for a data set or partitioned data set
member</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"
/> provides special bidirectional properties for <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> data sets
and partitioned data set members to allow correct bidirectional layout conversions for files that
are transferred between the client and server.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>data set</indexterm><indexterm>partitioned data set
member</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context> There are three methods for specifying these bidirectional conversion options:<ul>
<li>Inherit the bidirectional settings from the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files
subsystem</li>
<li>Use a bidirectional conversion table</li>
<li>Use manual bidirectional settings</li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To set bidirectional conversion support for a data set or partitioned data set member,
do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Right-click a data set or member in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.
</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
<wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Mapping</uicontrol> in the list on the left.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the Defined Language section, click <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol> to set
bidirectional conversion options that are based on the <uicontrol>Workstation file
extension</uicontrol> field or <uicontrol>Other</uicontrol> to select a language for the file
extension.</cmd><info> Bidirectional conversion in the Remote System Explorer is sensitive to the
programming language in which source code is written. You can usually assume that the
<uicontrol>Workstation file extension</uicontrol> field selects the correct language. In some cases,
however, such as <filepath>.cpy</filepath> for COBOL and PL/I and <filepath>.mac</filepath> for PL/I
and Assembler, the same file extensions can be used with different languages. Use the
<uicontrol>Other</uicontrol> option to select a specific language to associate with the file
extension.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Do one of the following steps:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To inherit the bidirectional settings from the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
Files subsystem, click <uicontrol>Inherit from properties for MVS Files</uicontrol>. If the <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem uses a bidirectional conversion table, the name
of the table is shown in parentheses and the properties that are inherited are shown in the
<uicontrol>Inherited set of bidi options</uicontrol> table. For more information about property
inheritance, see the related topics.</choice>
<choice>To use a bidirectional conversion table, do these steps: <ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Use the following Bidi Conversion Table (BCT)</uicontrol>. This option enables
the field and the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button.</li>
<li>Enter the name of a bidirectional conversion file you created or click
<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to look for and select a conversion file.</li>
<li>To edit the current properties in the bidirectional conversion table, click
<uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol>. The properties are copied to the <uicontrol>Current set of bidi
options</uicontrol> table, and you can click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to change the values and
<uicontrol>Save as</uicontrol> to save your changes to a new bidirectional conversion table.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To use manual bidirectional settings, do these steps:<ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Use the following manual bidi settings</uicontrol>. This option enables a set
of default bidirectional settings.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to open a window that you can use to change the default
settings.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save as</uicontrol> to save the current settings to a new bidirectional
conversion table.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>
<note othertype="Next" type="other"><xref href="tzdbidimap.dita" type="task"/></note>
</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdbidiinh.dita" type="concept"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190801 4?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004865?>
