<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdbidiuss" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting bidirectional conversion support for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> System Services</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> files that contain bidirectional data must use
bidirectional conversion tables to perform code page conversion for correctly transferring
bidirectional data between the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system and the
workstation.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>z/OS UNIX System Services</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can use three methods to specify these options:<ul>
<li>You can use a bidirectional conversion table specific to the current resource.</li>
<li>You can inherit the bidirectional settings from a parent resource.</li>
<li>You can use manual bidirectional settings.</li>
</ul><note>Editing a remote C/C++ resource that has bidirectional conversion options causes the
following message to open: <msgph>You are trying to open a bidirectional file in Remote C/C++
Editor. The z Systems LPEX Editor is the recommended editor for proper handling of bidirectional
files.</msgph></note></context>
<steps-unordered>
<stepsection>Do one of the following tasks:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>To apply a bidirectional conversion table to a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> file or folder, do these steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, right-click a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> file or folder under a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> connection. </cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
<wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Bidirectional Settings</uicontrol> in the list on the
left.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Use bidirectional conversion</uicontrol> checkbox.
</cmd><stepresult>This option enables the remaining fields on the window. If the current resource
cannot inherit bidirectional properties from a parent (because, for example, the parent resource
does not use bidirectional conversion) the <uicontrol>Resource inherits attributes from a
parent</uicontrol> button remains disabled.</stepresult></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>To inherit bidirectional settings, do these steps: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Resource inherits attributes from a
parent</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>To specify bidirectional settings for the resource, click <uicontrol>Resource has its own
set of bidirectional attributes</uicontrol>.</cmd><info> You can specify bidirectional attributes by
using a bidirectional conversion table or by using manual settings:</info><choices>
<choice>To use a bidirectional conversion table, do these steps: <ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Bidirectional Conversion Table</uicontrol>. This option enables the field and
the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> buttons.</li>
<li>Enter the name of a bidirectional conversion file you created, or click
<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to look for and select a conversion file or <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
to create a table. Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To use manual bidirectional settings, click <uicontrol>Manual Settings</uicontrol>. Click
<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</choice>
</choices></step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdbidiinh.dita" type="concept" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000004437?><?tm 1670257713217 10 z/OS||UNIX ?>
