<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdbidicff" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the bidirectional format of a file</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Each bidirectional file in the workspace can have a bidirectional
format property that is associated with it.  This property has two
possible values: <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol> for logical or visual
files or <uicontrol>Smart logical</uicontrol> for files that are created
by using the smart logical algorithm.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>changing a file's
format</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>bidirectional file format</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can use the <wintitle>Change file format </wintitle> window
for the following purposes:<ul>
<li>Convert smart logical and logical data to visual layout, which might be necessary for local
syntax checking, as local compilers do not support LRM marks correctly.<note
conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/></li>
<li>Convert files in visual layout to smart logical layout for editing
with the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX
editor.</li>
<li>Convert BMS files that are created by previous versions of the <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> product
to smart logical layout used by SFM, BMS, and other tools.</li>
<li>Convert logical files to smart logical layout for correctly uploading
them to the remote system.</li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To view and change the bidirectional format of a file,
do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Select a file in the Navigator and then select <uicontrol>Change
Bidi Format</uicontrol> from the menu.</cmd><info><note>This action
is available for local files only. You cannot do this action for remote
files.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>To change the bidirectional format property of the file,
select <uicontrol>Change format property only</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To convert the file content to the required layout, select <uicontrol>Change
file format</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To define current and target bidirectional layouts, select
settings from the <uicontrol>Source attributes</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Target
attributes</uicontrol> areas.</cmd><info>For each of these attribute
sets, you can choose the following settings:</info>
<choicetable keycol="1">
<chrow>
<choption>Visual</choption>
<chdesc>When this option is selected, the file uses visual layout.
When it is clear, the file uses logical layout.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>RTL</choption>
<chdesc>When this option is selected, the file uses right-to-left
file orientation. When it is clear, the file uses left-to-right orientation.</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Symmetric Swap</choption>
<chdesc>When this option is selected, certain characters such as (
&gt; [ { are interchanged with ) &lt; ] } to preserve the logical meaning
of the presented text. <note>This option is enabled for Visual RTL
files only.</note></chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Numeric Swap</choption>
<chdesc>When this option is selected, Arabic (European) digit shapes
are interchanged with Hindi digit shapes. This option toggles the
file between Arabic (European) and Hindi numbers. If the file includes
Arabic numbers and you select this checkbox, Arabic numbers are converted
to Hindi. If the file includes Hindi numbers they are converted to
Arabic.<note>This option is enabled for Visual RTL files only.</note></chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>
<stepresult>When the source and target settings for a particular attribute
are the same, but conversion is requested, the file layout is toggled
from smart logical to logical or from logical to smart logical.</stepresult>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq><note othertype="Next" type="other"><xref href="czdbidiinh.dita" type="concept" /></note></postreq>
</taskbody>

</task><?Pub *0000004199?><?tm 1670257712636 1 z Systems ?>
