<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdbidifs" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using bidirectional file search</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Bidirectional file search allows for the correct processing
of search strings that contain bidirectional markers. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>file search</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>file search<indexterm>bidirectional</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>Remote z/OS search</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Remote z/OS search<indexterm>bidirectional</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>Replace</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Replace<indexterm>bidirectional</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When you enable bidirectional support for file search, two
checkboxes are added to the <wintitle>File Search </wintitle>window:<ul>
<li>A <uicontrol>Visual format</uicontrol> checkbox beside the <uicontrol>Containing
text</uicontrol> entry field.</li>
<li>A <uicontrol>Visual search in standard logical files</uicontrol> check
box under the <uicontrol>File name patterns</uicontrol> field.</li>
</ul>The <uicontrol>Visual format</uicontrol> checkbox is also added
to the <wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle> and <wintitle>Replace</wintitle> windows.</context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Visual format</uicontrol> checkbox
to place the <uicontrol>Containing text</uicontrol> field in visual
typing mode, which might be familiar to host emulator bidirectional
users. </cmd><info>The default mode is Auto-push. It can be toggled
by pressing Alt+Numpad. Press Alt+NumLock to toggle typing direction.
Other key combinations familiar to <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Personal
Communications users might be used as well. Text that is already inserted
in the <uicontrol>Containing text</uicontrol> field is converted automatically
to visual format when the <uicontrol>Visual format</uicontrol> check
box is selected and to logical format when it is cleared. Use <uicontrol>Visual
format</uicontrol> to search smart logical files.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Visual search in standard logical
files</uicontrol> checkbox to convert the target string to visual
layout before it is compared to a search pattern. </cmd><info>This
setting allows for finding some strings that cannot be located otherwise
with standard logical search. Use <uicontrol>Visual search in standard
logical files</uicontrol> to search regular logical files.</info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<postreq><xref href="tzdbidivtc.dita" type="task"></xref></postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190800 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002923?>
