<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdbidicodep" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting bidirectional conversion support for an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
system</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"
/> provides special bidirectional properties for the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files
subsystem to allow correct bidirectional layout conversions for <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS"
>MVS</tm> files that are transferred between the client and server.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>bidirectional support<indexterm>code pages</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>code pages</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context> There are two methods for specifying these bidirectional conversion options:<ul>
<li>Use a bidirectional conversion table</li>
<li>Use manual bidirectional settings</li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To apply bidirectional conversion support to an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS"
>MVS</tm> Files subsystem, do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, right-click <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol> under a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> connection </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
<wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Code Pages</uicontrol> in the list on the left.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Do one of the following steps:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To use a bidirectional conversion table, do these steps: <ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Use the following Bidi Conversion Table (BCT)</uicontrol>. This option enables
the field and the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button.</li>
<li>Enter the name of a bidirectional conversion file you created or click
<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to look for and select a conversion file.</li>
<li>To edit the current properties in the bidirectional conversion table, click
<uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol>. The properties are copied to the <uicontrol>Current set of bidi
options</uicontrol> table, and you can click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to change the values and
<uicontrol>Save as</uicontrol> to save your changes to a new bidirectional conversion table.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To use manual bidirectional settings, do these steps:<ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Use the following manual bidi settings</uicontrol>. This option enables a set
of default bidirectional settings.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to open a window that you can use to change the default
settings.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save as</uicontrol> to save the current settings to a new bidirectional
conversion table.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq><xref href="tzdbidipds.dita" type="task"/></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdbidiinh.dita" type="concept"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190801 5?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003441?>
