<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcopylmod" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Copying a load module</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Copying a load module</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Copying a load module</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can copy a load module from one library to another.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>copying a load module</indexterm><indexterm>copy<indexterm>load
module</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>load module<indexterm>copy</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select
the load module that you want to copy.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Right-click the file and select <uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the destination container that you are copying to
on the same remote system.</cmd><info>You can copy a load module in
a PDS or a program object in a PDSE from one program library to another.
 You can also use the <uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol> command to convert
files between load modules and program objects. The target library
must be on the same remote system as the load module that is being
copied.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Paste</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepresult>The
new file is created in the new destination with the same file name
and the same properties. If the member exists in the destination,
you are prompted to overwrite the member, rename it, or cancel the
copy operation. <p>If alias processing is enabled and the selected
member is an alias or has aliases, its primary member and all aliases
of the primary member are copied.  If one of the copied members exists
in the destination, you are prompted to overwrite the member or cancel
the copy operation. For more information about enabling alias processing,
see the related links.</p><p>If alias processing is not enabled and
the selected member is an alias or has aliases, the copy operation
fails.</p><p>For more information about enabling alias processing,
see the related links.</p></stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdmvspref.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002394?>
