<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn060" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing a sequential data set or partitioned data set member</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Editing a sequential data set or PDS member</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can edit a sequential data set or partitioned data
set member from either the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view
or the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>z/OS file <indexterm>editing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><note>Opening large files (greater than 2500 kilobytes) can
cause out-of-memory errors and a forced shutdown of the workbench.
Use the <uicontrol>Show warning message on opening files</uicontrol> setting
of the <wintitle>z/OS Solutions</wintitle> preference page to check
the size of any file that is being opened and display a warning if
it is larger than the specified threshold.<p>You can check the size
of a file before you open it by opening the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view.
This view shows the file size for remote resources in bytes (for resources
that are less than 1000 bytes) or in kilobytes (for resources that
are greater than or equal to 1000 bytes).</p></note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit a sequential data set or partitioned data set member, you must first locate the
member in either the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view: </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, connect to the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system and expand the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> folder (or any
other filter that contains the file). Existing data sets associated with the high-level qualifier
are listed in this folder.</choice>
<choice>In the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view, expand the project and
subproject in which the file is located. If you do not find the data set you want to edit, you can
add it to a subproject from the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. For instructions, see the
related tasks.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>After you locate the sequential data set or partitioned data set member in either view,
either double-click it or right-click it and select <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> to begin editing it
in the default editor.</cmd>
<stepresult>An outline of the data set contents is also displayed in the
<wintitle>Outline</wintitle> view.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn049.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn050.dita" type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdzossol.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190834 3?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003261?>
