<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcfghostbased" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring host-based projects</title>
<shortdesc>You configure host-based projects for a remote system by
creating a set of configuration files on that system.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>host-based projects<indexterm>configuring</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>configuring<indexterm>host-based projects</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When you connect to a remote system on which host-based project
configuration files are present and set up correctly, the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view is populated
with host-based projects. You are not able to create workstation-based
projects that are associated with that system. On systems where the
configuration files are not present, clients do not have access to
host-based projects. They can create their own workstation-based projects
that are associated with the system.<p>To configure host-based projects
on a remote system, you must define four types of configuration files.
See the related topics for instructions and examples.</p><ul>
<li><term>Project instance files</term> that are specific to a single
user ID and point to reusable project definition files.</li>
<li rev="901"><term rev="901">Project definition files</term> that
define the structure and contents of the project and that multiple
users can reuse.</li>
<li rev="901"><term>Subproject definition files</term> that define
the structure and contents of the subproject and that multiple users
can reuse.</li>
<li><term>Properties files</term> that define the subproject properties
and that multiple subprojects can reuse.</li>
</ul>Unlike other push-to-client configurations, you cannot create
host-based projects on a model workspace and export them. Host-based
projects must be created manually on the remote system.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Ensure that push-to-client is enabled on the remote system
on which you want to create host-based projects.</cmd></step><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<step>
<cmd>In the remote system folder that is identified in the <parmname>pushtoclient.folder</parmname>
parameter of the <filepath>pushtoclient.properties</filepath> file, create a subfolder that is named
<filepath>projects</filepath>.</cmd>
<stepxmp>For example, if you use the default folder name
<filepath>/var/zexpl/pushtoclient</filepath>, then the folder for host-based project configuration
files is <filepath>/var/zexpl/pushtoclient/projects</filepath>.</stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add an entry to the <filepath>keymapping.xml</filepath> file
that defines the location of host-based project configuration files
on the remote system.</cmd><stepxmp>For example, to define<filepath>/var/zexpl/pushtoclient/projects</filepath> as the location
for host-based project configuration files, add the following entry to the
<filepath>keymapping.xml</filepath>
file:<codeblock>&lt;location>
   &lt;fileId>com.ibm.ftt.projects.configurations.HostBasedConfigurationFile&lt;/fileId>
   &lt;containerPath>/var/zexpl/pushtoclient/projects&lt;/containerPath>
   &lt;fileMask>&lt;/fileMask>
   &lt;encoding>UTF-8&lt;/encoding>
&lt;/location>
</codeblock></stepxmp><info>For more information about the <filepath>keymapping.xml</filepath> file
and an example of the file, see <xref href="rzdkeymap.dita"></xref>.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Create project instance files, project definition files, subproject definition files, and
subproject property files in the host-based project configuration file folder.</cmd>
<stepxmp>For example, in the <filepath>/var/zexpl/pushtoclient/projects</filepath> folder on the
remote system, create the project instance files, project definition files, subproject definition
files, and subproject property files.</stepxmp>
<info>For more information about how to tag these configuration files and for sample files, see the
related topics.</info>
</step>
</steps>
<!--<example>The following example shows a complete host-based project
configuration on a remote system. It illustrates how the push-to-client
and host-based project configuration files are structured and related
to each other.</example>-->
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdhostbased.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="tzdprojinstfile.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdprojdeffile.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdsubpdeffile.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdsubppropfile.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1287682654 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004758?>
