<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn144" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding the dependencies of a program to an <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Adding the dependencies of a program to an MVS subproject</navtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You might want to organize your <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject to include all of the files that
are required for a program. You can automatically add the dependencies
of a COBOL or PL/I program in your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>MVS subproject<indexterm>adding dependencies</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>dependencies<indexterm>adding</indexterm><indexterm>MVS
subproject</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must first add a COBOL or PL/I program to an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
subproject, and your program must not contain any syntax errors.<p otherprops="IDz">
<note>If your program depends on a file that cannot be found, an error message is returned and the
file is skipped. To ensure that files are not skipped, run a local syntax check on your program. If
the syntax check does not produce any errors, then all the dependencies can be located and no files
are skipped.</note>
<note conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/>
</p></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Right-click the COBOL or PL/I program in the <wintitle>z/OS
Projects</wintitle> view.</cmd><info>The <uicontrol>Show Dependencies</uicontrol> action
is not supported for sequential data sets.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Show Dependencies</uicontrol> in the menu.</cmd>
<stepresult>A window opens, listing the dependencies for the selected program.<note otherprops="IDz"
>If the subproject you are working with belongs to a host-based project, you can only display the
dependencies. You cannot add dependencies to a host-based subproject.</note></stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Select the dependencies that you want to add to your subproject
in the list box.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Add selected to subproject</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
selected dependencies are added to your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.</stepresult>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190832 5?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002713?>
