<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn039" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Allocating data sets</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Allocating sequential and partitioned data sets (PDS)</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc rev="95">Allocating a data set creates a file on the remote
system. You can create partitioned data sets (PDS), libraries (PDSE),
version 2 libraries (PDSEv2), and sequential data sets.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>allocating data sets</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>data sets<indexterm>allocating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>allocating partitioned data sets</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>partitioned data sets<indexterm>allocating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>allocating sequential data sets</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>sequential data sets<indexterm>allocating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>allocating PDSEv2 data sets</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>PDSEv2 data sets<indexterm>allocating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>allocating PDSE data sets</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>PDSE data sets<indexterm>allocating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>creating remote files</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>remote files<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must be <xref href="tzdcmn032.dita">connected to the remote
system</xref> and working in the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/perspective"></ph> perspective.</prereq>
<context rev="95">You can use the <wintitle>New Data Set</wintitle> wizard
to allocate these data set types:<ul>
<li>Partitioned data set</li>
<li>Partitioned data set extended (PDSE)</li>
<li>Partitioned data set extended version 2 (PDSEv2)</li>
<li>Sequential data set</li>
</ul>These instructions provide general information about using this
wizard to allocate data sets. For more information about a specific
data set type, see the related topics or the context-sensitive help
for the wizard.<note type="fastpath">If you have files on the local
system, you can quickly add them to a partitioned data set or allocate
a sequential data set by doing one of these steps:<ul>
<li>To add a file to a partitioned data set, drag it from the local
system to a partitioned data set name on the remote system. The <wintitle>Rename
Resource</wintitle> window opens so that you can specify the member
name.</li>
<li>To allocate a sequential data set for a local file, drag it from
the local system to a filter in the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> subsystem.
The <wintitle>Rename Resource</wintitle> window opens so that you
can specify the data set name, and the <wintitle>New Data Set</wintitle> wizard
opens so that you can specify data set characteristics.</li>
</ul></note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> subsystem in
the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or an <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject in the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, expand the
remote system where you want to allocate the data set and select <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>In the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view,
select an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Right-click and select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Allocate Partitioned Data Set</uicontrol></menucascade> or <menucascade>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Allocate Sequential Data Set</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd><info><note type="tip">You can also press Ctrl+1
to allocate a partitioned data set or Ctrl+2 to allocate a sequential
data set.</note></info><stepresult>The <wintitle>New Data Set</wintitle> wizard
opens. The remainder of these instructions uses a partitioned data
set as an example.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>On the <wintitle>Allocate Partitioned Data Set</wintitle> page: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Connection name</uicontrol> field,
select a remote system connection. The default value is the connection
from which you opened the wizard.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Data set name</uicontrol> field, select
or type the high-level qualifier for the data set from the list and
then type the name that follows the combination of high-level qualifier
and dot (.) character.</cmd><stepxmp>For example, if the high-level
qualifier is <filepath>MYFILES</filepath> and if you want to allocate
the data set <filepath>MYFILES.TEST.COBOL</filepath>, type the string <userinput>TEST.COBOL</userinput> in
the field.</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>On the <wintitle>Data Set Allocation</wintitle> page, select
an option to indicate how to begin specifying allocation values such
as record format, record length, and block size. </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To use the same data set characteristics as an existing data
set, select <uicontrol>Copy characteristics from an existing data
set</uicontrol>, and then click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol>. Select
a data set, and then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. </choice>
<choice>To use a defined set of characteristics, select <uicontrol>Specify
characteristics by usage type</uicontrol>, and then select a value
from these lists: <ul>
<li>From the <uicontrol>Category</uicontrol> list, choose how the
data is to be used: <uicontrol>Source</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Listing</uicontrol>,
or <uicontrol>Other</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>From the <uicontrol>Type</uicontrol> list, choose a language: <uicontrol>ASM</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>C/C++</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>JCL</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>PLI</uicontrol>,
or <uicontrol>REXX</uicontrol>.</li>
</ul></choice>
<choice>To specify custom data set characteristics, select <uicontrol>Specify
characteristics (advanced allocation)</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Data Set Characteristics</wintitle> page
opens. It displays the set of data set characteristics that you selected
on the <wintitle>Data Set Allocation</wintitle> page:<ul>
<li>For an existing data set: the data set characteristics of the
existing data set.</li>
<li>For usage type: the data set characteristics defined for the selected
usage type.</li>
<li>For advanced allocation: the values that were used for the previous
data set allocation.</li>
</ul></stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Specify data set characteristics.</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li>For more information about the fields on this window, see <xref
format="dita" href="r_dschar.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>.</li>
<li>For information about the values that are required for different
uses, contact your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system
administrator. That administrator can also inform you whether you
must click <uicontrol>System Managed Storage</uicontrol> to assign
a data set to a particular class.</li>
<li>The product enforces certain rules for record format (RECFM),
record length (LRECL), and block size (BLKSIZE). For more information
about these rules, see <xref href="rzddsa.dita" type="reference"></xref>.</li>
</ul> </info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
data set is allocated and added to the <uicontrol>Retrieved Data Sets</uicontrol> filter.</stepresult>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn035.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn082.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="allocateVSAM.dita" type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="t_explore_gens.dita" rev="95" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="r_dschar.dita" scope="local" type="reference">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="rzddsa.dita" scope="local" type="reference">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190812 3?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008425?>
