<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn113" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding user variables and variable values for JCL substitution</title>
<shortdesc>The windows for specifying user variables and variable
values for JCL procedures allow for adding, editing, and removing
user variables and values. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>JCL substitution<indexterm>adding user variables</indexterm><indexterm>variable
values</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>The same process can be used to add user variables and values
for JCL procedures on any of the <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol> pages
in the property group editor. The following process shows how to add
user variables and variable values for a COBOL program.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To add a user variable and parameter value for a JCL procedure
that is used with a COBOL program, open the <uicontrol>COBOL Settings</uicontrol> page
of the property group editor. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the left pane of the window, select <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add User Variable</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Add User Variable</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Type the variable name in the <uicontrol>Variable name</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Type the value of the variable in the <uicontrol>Variable
value</uicontrol> field.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. </cmd><info>The variable
name and value are added to the table. </info></step>
<step><cmd>Repeat steps 1-6 as necessary to add the rest of your variables
and values.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result><p>When you specify variable names and values on a <uicontrol>JCL
Substitution</uicontrol> page and then generate JCL or trigger a remote
build or syntax check, a <codeph>SET</codeph> statement is generated
just before the <codeph>EXEC PROC</codeph> statement. </p></result>
<example>Assume that you create the following variable names and values:<table>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry colname="col1" valign="top">Variable Name</entry>
<entry colname="col2" valign="top">Variable Value</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PARM</entry>
<entry colname="col2">LIST</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ERRFDBK</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><filepath>HLQ.IDECOBOL.XML</filepath></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>The following SET statement is generated:<codeblock>//SETSTMT SET PARM=LIST,
//  ERRFDBK=HLQ.IDECOBOL.XML</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002998?>
