<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn115" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Removing user variables and variable values</title>
<shortdesc>The windows for specifying user variables and variable
values for JCL procedures allow for adding, editing, and removing
user variables and parameters. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>user variables<indexterm>removing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>variable values<indexterm>removing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>The same process can be used to remove user variables and
values for JCL procedures on any of the <wintitle>JCL Substitution</wintitle> pages.
The following process shows how to remove user variables and variable
values for a COBOL program.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To remove a user variable and variable value for a JCL
procedure that is used with a COBOL program, open the <wintitle>COBOL
Settings</wintitle> page of the property group editor. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the left pane of the window, select <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the variable name and value that you want to remove.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Remove</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>A
confirmation window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to remove the variable
name and value. </cmd><stepresult>The variable name and value are
removed from the table. </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Repeat these steps as necessary to remove any other variables
and values you no longer want.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn113.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn114.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001937?>
