<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn114" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing user variables and variable values</title>
<shortdesc>The windows for specifying user variables and variable
values for JCL procedures allow for editing, adding, and removing
user variables and values. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>user variables<indexterm>editing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>variable values<indexterm>editing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>The same process can be used to edit user variables and values
for JCL procedures on any of the <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol> pages.
The following process shows how to edit user variables and variable
values for a COBOL program.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit a user variable and parameter value for a JCL procedure
that is used with a COBOL program, open the <uicontrol>COBOL Settings</uicontrol> page
of the property group editor. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the left pane of the window, select <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the entry that you want to edit in the <uicontrol>User
Variables</uicontrol>table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Edit
User Variable</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Change the variable name in the <uicontrol>Variable name</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change the value of the variable in the <uicontrol>Variable
value</uicontrol> field.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepresult>The
variable name and value are changed in the table. </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Repeat steps 1-7 as necessary to edit the rest of your
variables and values.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002094?>
