<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdcmn035" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Mapping data sets and partitioned data set members</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Mapping data sets and partitioned data set members</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Mapping data sets and partitioned data set members</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>A data set mapping associates the lowest level qualifier
in each <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> data set to a file name extension that is used for the related workstation-based file in your subprojects. One mapping, for example, associates the <tm trademark="z/OS" tmtype="reg">z/OS</tm>-based qualifier <filepath>COBOL</filepath> with the workstation-based file
extension <filepath>.cbl</filepath>.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>data sets<indexterm>mapping</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>The <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> product
provides a set of default mappings, but you can create more mappings. </context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To add a data set mapping:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open the <wintitle>z/OS File System Mapping</wintitle> view.</cmd>
<info>This view displays all remote <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> systems
and the data set mappings that are defined on them. When there are
multiple definitions for a data set or member name pattern, the order
in which a mapping is displayed in the table determines its priority:
the higher it is on the list, the higher the priority.</info></step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>System</uicontrol> list, select the
remote system that you want to modify mappings for.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To add a data set mapping, right-click the table and select <uicontrol>Add
Data Set Mapping</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Add Data
Set Mapping</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>To add a member mapping, right-click a data set mapping
in the <wintitle>z/OS File System Mapping</wintitle> view and select <uicontrol>Add
Member Mapping</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Add Member
Mapping</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Specify a string in the <uicontrol>Mapping criterion</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
<info>Data sets and members with names that match this string are
included in the mapping.<ul>
<li>Use ** as a wildcard for matching one or more data set name segments
or qualifiers:<ul>
<li>**COBOL matches <varname>&lt;any high-level qualifier&gt;.&lt;any
middle qualifier&gt;</varname>.COBOL. These sample data set names match
this mapping:<ul>
<li>USER.COBOL</li>
<li>USER.A.COBOL</li>
<li>USER.A.B.C.COBOL</li>
<li>USER.A.B.C.MYCOBOL</li>
</ul></li>
<li>**ERROR** matches <varname>&lt;any high-level qualifier&gt;</varname>.ERROR.<varname>&lt;any
low-level qualifier&gt;</varname>. These sample data set names match
this mapping:<ul>
<li>USER.ERROR.TEST</li>
<li>USER.A.B.MYERROR.ABC</li>
<li>USER.A.B.MYERROR2.ABC</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li> Use * as a wildcard for matching within a data set name segment
or qualifier. For example, USER**COB* matches the following names:<ul>
<li>USER.A.COB</li>
<li>USER.A.B.COBOL</li>
<li>USER.A.B.ACOBCOPY</li>
</ul></li>
<li>You can also use a period as a delimiter in a mapping:<ul>
<li>USER.*.TEST matches USER.A.TEST, but not USER.A.B.TEST</li>
<li>USER.**TEST matches USER.A.TEST, USER.A.B.TEST, and USER.A.B.CTEST.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Use <codeph>?</codeph> as a wildcard for any single character within a member name. Take members
A0, A00, and A00 as example. The wildcard pattern <codeph>A??</codeph> matches member A00, but other
two members A0 and A000 are not matched. In this case, this wildcard is only effective for Member
Mapping criterion.</li>
</ul>For more examples of wildcard patterns and matching data set
names, see <xref href="#tzdcmn035/wildcards" />.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Workstation file extension</uicontrol> group,
click <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol> or click <uicontrol>Other</uicontrol> and
type the file name extension that you want to associate with the data
set matching string.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Use the remaining fields to choose a file transfer type
and local and remote code pages.</cmd><info>For more information about
other file mapping options, see the related topics.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult> The
new mapping is displayed in the table. Member mappings are added as
children of the data set mapping that you selected before you click <uicontrol>Add
Member Mapping</uicontrol>. You can sort this table by any of the
headings that are shown in the view (such as Mapping Criterion, Workstation
File Extension, and Transfer Mode). To sort the table, click a table
heading.</stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>You can override these system-wide
mappings by defining mappings for specific data sets or members:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Right-click the data set or member in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view and click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Mapping</uicontrol> in the list on
the left.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Mapping</wintitle> pane opens
on the right. This pane is similar to the <wintitle>Add Data Set Mapping</wintitle> window.</stepresult>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Leave the option to inherit values selected for each
of the values you want to cascade from a higher level.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<example>The following table provides further examples of wildcard
patterns and the strings that match and do not match them.<table id="wildcards"><title>Examples of wildcard patterns in data set mappings</title>
<desc> Wildcard patterns are listed across the top of the table, and
sample data set names are listed down the first column of the table.
The remaining cells indicate whether the sample data set name and
the wildcard pattern match.</desc>
<tgroup cols="8"><colspec colname="COLSPEC5" /><colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="col3" /><colspec colname="COLSPEC0" /><colspec colname="COLSPEC3" /><colspec colname="COLSPEC2" /><colspec colname="COLSPEC1" /><colspec colname="COLSPEC4" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5" />
<entry nameend="COLSPEC4" namest="col2">Wildcard Patterns</entry>
</row>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">Data set names</entry>
<entry colname="col2">KENYA**COBOL</entry>
<entry colname="col3" valign="top">KENYA**COBOL*	</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0" valign="top">KENYA.**COBOL</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3" valign="top">KENYA.**.COBOL</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2" valign="top">KENYA.*COBOL	</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1" valign="top">KENYA.*.COBOL</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">KENYA.*.*.COBOL</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">KENYA.COBOL </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">Do not match</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">KENYA.A.COBOL </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">Do not match</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">KENYA.A.B.COBOL </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">Match</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">KENYA.XYCOBOL </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">Do not match	</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">KENYA.A.XYCOBOL </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Match</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">Do not match</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="COLSPEC5">KENYA.XCOBOLY</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC3">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC2">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC1">Do not match</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC4">Do not match	</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdcmn044.dita" scope="local" type="concept" />
<link format="dita" href="c_file_trans_code_page.dita" scope="local" type="concept" />
<link format="dita" href="rzdcodepages.dita" scope="local" type="reference" />
<link href="tzdcmn032.dita" scope="local" type="topic" />
<link href="rzdlogicalnot.dita" type="task" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000009405?><?tm 1670257713679 4 z/OS||MVS ?>
