<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdcmn118" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing submitted jobs</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can either obtain or purge the output of jobs that
are listed in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or the <wintitle>Remote
System Details</wintitle> view by selecting the Job ID or job step,
and invoking actions from the menu. When you obtain the output of
a job or step, you see details from the actual JES Log message.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>submitted jobs<indexterm>viewing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>job output<indexterm>obtaining</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>obtaining job output</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Make sure that you are <xref href="tzdcmn032.dita">connected
to the remote system</xref>.</prereq>
<context><note type="restriction">For obtaining up-to-date output
for active jobs, getting the active job output is not supported for
JES3 releases earlier than <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> V1R10.
This limitation is caused by JES API limitations in the earlier releases.
Use JES3 release <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> V1R10
or later.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or the <wintitle>Remote
System Details</wintitle> view.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Expand the entries under the <uicontrol>JES</uicontrol> subsystem
to locate the job you submitted or use the <uicontrol>Retrieve Job</uicontrol> menu
item to find the job ID.</cmd><info><note type="tip">For quick access
to your job in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, click
the <uicontrol>Locate Job</uicontrol> button on the job submission
confirmation window.  This action highlights the job ID in the<uicontrol> Retrieved
Jobs</uicontrol> filter of the JES subsystem.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Look at the job status to see whether the job is still
running.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Refresh the user interface to recheck the job status.</cmd>
<stepresult>When the job is completed, the job status is updated to
reflect its state.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Choose the output that you want to display:  </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If you want to obtain the output of the whole job, right-click
the job, and click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>If you want to obtain the output of a particular step, click
the plus sign (+) beside a job ID, then select a step. Right-click
and select <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
<stepresult>The output is displayed in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX editor. You can use <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX commands and
functions, such as viewing contents in hexadecimal mode, on the job
output. For more information about the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX editor, see the related
topics.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
<postreq>You can also perform the following tasks in the Remote Systems
and <wintitle>Remote System Details</wintitle> views:<ul>
<li>You can either obtain or purge held output by selecting the Job
ID or job step and selecting actions from the menu.<note rev="7601">If
you perform an operation (such as purge or cancel) on a job, you must
manually refresh the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or <wintitle>Remote
System Details</wintitle> view before the job status is updated.</note></li>
<li>You can refresh jobs under particular job filters. The <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> menu
item appears on the job filters that belong to a connected system
when you right-click the job filter. You can select multiple job filter
nodes and refresh them at any time. A busy indicator displays until
the refresh function is complete.</li>
<li>You can sort jobs by the Job ID or any other column. Job IDs can
be sorted in ascending or descending order by clicking the Job ID
column.</li>
<li>You can add, remove, and modify job filters from these views.</li>
<li>To add a job filter, right-click <uicontrol>JES</uicontrol> in
the <wintitle>Remote System Details</wintitle> view and select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>New JES Job Filter</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. The <wintitle>New JES Job Filter</wintitle> wizard
opens. You can add a job filter when the system is connected or disconnected.</li>
<li>To remove a job filter, right-click the job filter, click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>,
and confirm your delete on the removal windows. You can remove a job
filter when the system is connected or disconnected.</li>
<li>You can modify job filter properties from these views. For example,
you can change the job filter output retrieval limit. The wizard page
for modifying the job filter displays the system short name and the
job filter name. After you modify the job filter, the job information
is refreshed. </li>
</ul>You can also monitor the status of submitted jobs using the Remote
Monitor, as described in <xref href="tzdmonitor.dita" type="task" />.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn117.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdcmn119.dita" type="task" />
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.zos.subsystem.jes.doc/topics/rzdcmn012.dita" type="reference" />
<link format="dita" href="../../com.ibm.etools.zos.subsystem.jes.doc/topics/tzdretrievejob.dita" scope="local" type="task" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000005642?><?tm 1665694011362 5 z/OS||z Systems ?>
