<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcfgpg" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring default property values</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You configure default property values for a remote system
by creating a set of configuration files on that system.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>default property values<indexterm>configuring</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>configuring<indexterm>default property values</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can configure default property values to define site-specific
defaults for particular properties. When a user connects to a system
for the first time, <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> determines
whether a default values file exists on the system. If so, the default
values are stored in the workspace so that whenever users create a
property group for that system, the defaults from the default values
file are used. For properties that do not have default values in the
default values file, the default <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> property
values are used. If the default values file on the system is updated
after the default values are transferred to the workspace, users are
prompted to replace the defaults in the workspace with the ones from
the system.  If no default property values are configured for a remote
system, the system uses default values that are included with <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword>. <p>To
configure default property values on a remote system, you must define
a default values file that defines property values that are available
to users when they connect to the system for the first time.</p><p>When
a user connects to a system for the first time, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
determines whether a default values file exists on the system. If
so, the default values are stored in the workspace so that whenever
users create a property group for that system, the defaults from the
default values file are used. For properties that do not have default
values in the default values file, the default <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> property
values are used. If the default values file on the system is updated
after the default values are transferred to the workspace, users are
prompted to replace the defaults in the workspace with the ones from
the system. The default values file is <filepath>defaultvalues.xml</filepath> and
contains the following tags. It must be encoded in UTF-8. For the
default values schema, see the related topics.<codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;DEFAULT-VALUES>
  &lt;CATEGORY-INSTANCE>
    &lt;CATEGORY><varname>category name</varname>&lt;/CATEGORY>
    &lt;PROPERTY>
      &lt;NAME><varname>property name</varname>&lt;/NAME>
      &lt;VALUE><varname>property value</varname>&lt;/VALUE>
    &lt;/PROPERTY>
  &lt;/CATEGORY-INSTANCE>
&lt;/DEFAULT-VALUES>

</codeblock><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>&lt;CATEGORY-INSTANCE></codeph></dt>
<dd>Specify one <codeph>&lt;CATEGORY-INSTANCE></codeph> tag for each
property category for which you want to define default values. This
tag can contain one &lt;CATEGORY> tag and one or more <codeph>&lt;PROPERTY></codeph> tags.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>&lt;CATEGORY></codeph></dt>
<dd>Specify the name of a property category for which you want to
define default values. For a list of valid category names, see the
related links. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>&lt;PROPERTY></codeph></dt>
<dd>Specify one or more property <codeph>&lt;NAME></codeph> and <codeph>&lt;VALUE></codeph> pairs
to include for the category. For a list of valid property names, see
the related links. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p></context>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="rzdpgdefschema.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdpgdefsamp.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdpgcats.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190794 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004492?>
