<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn116" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Searching the local file system</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Searching the local file system</navtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can search your local file system for a file with a
known name or pattern.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p><indexterm>local file system<indexterm>searching</indexterm></indexterm></p>If
you are going to work with local files in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view,
you must first define a filter for the local file system. This filter
might be mapped to the root of the system or to a specific location
in the file system.</prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Select the local file system that you want to search by
clicking the file system in the tree view.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>+</uicontrol> to expand <uicontrol>Local</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Local
Files</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The view lists filters for the
local system. </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Expand the appropriate filter to see your local folders
and files. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a folder to search and then click <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> on
the menu.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Search</wintitle> window
opens with the <uicontrol>Folder</uicontrol> populated. The cursor
is positioned at the <uicontrol>Search string (leave empty for file
search)</uicontrol> field. </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>If you want to specify a name pattern to search, enter
the name pattern in the <uicontrol>File name patterns</uicontrol> field
and select <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>If the
search is successful, the results are displayed. </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Look through the list of results and select the file that
you want to see.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepresult>The
file opens in the editor.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn137.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002201?>
