<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdcmn086" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Generating JCL</title>
<shortdesc>You might want to create a JCL file that can be viewed,
edited, and submitted to the remote system.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>generating JCL</indexterm><indexterm>JCL, generating</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must first connect to the remote system and set the properties
that are required for JCL generation.</prereq>
<context>You can generate JCL for a partitioned data set or a partitioned
data set member in an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject
or on a remote system. The generate JCL action is not supported for
sequential data sets or <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To generate JCL, follow these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>On a source partitioned data set member, right-click and
select <uicontrol>Generate JCL</uicontrol> and one of the following
menu options:</cmd><info><dl><dlentry>
<dt>For Compile</dt>
<dd>Generates JCL for compiling the selected program.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>For Compile Link</dt>
<dd>Generates JCL for compiling and linking the selected program.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>For Compile Link Go</dt>
<dd>Generates JCL for compiling, linking, and running the selected
program.<note type="tip">When the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>, <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="IMS" tmclass="IGNORE">IMS</tm>, or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> runtime
environments are configured in the <wintitle>COBOL Settings</wintitle> or <wintitle>PL/I
Settings</wintitle> property group pages, the application is expected
to run on the subsystem for which the properties are configured and
the GO step is not generated. To generate a GO step, ensure that the <uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>IMS</uicontrol>,
or <uicontrol>Db2</uicontrol> options are not selected on the <wintitle>Runtime
Environments</wintitle> page. If you require these options to be set,
then generate the JCL by using either the <menucascade><uicontrol>Generate
JCL</uicontrol><uicontrol>For Compile</uicontrol></menucascade> or <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Generate JCL</uicontrol><uicontrol>For Compile Link</uicontrol>
</menucascade> actions.</note></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>For Compile Link Debug</dt>
<dd>Generates JCL for compiling, linking, and debugging the selected program. For information about
setting runtime debug options for the generated JCL, see <xref href="../../com.ibm.debug.pdt.zpcl.doc/topics/r_runtime_debug_options.dita" scope="peer">Runtime
debug options</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>For Compile Link Code Coverage</dt>
<dd>Generates JCL for compiling, linking, and running code coverage for the selected program. For
information about setting runtime code coverage options for the generated JCL, see <xref href="../../com.ibm.debug.pdt.zpcl.doc/topics/r_runtime_code_coverage_options.dita" scope="peer">Runtime code coverage options</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 1185?></info></step>
<step><cmd>On the <wintitle>JCL Data Set and Member Name</wintitle> window,
specify the job name, the data set where you want to save the JCL,
and the name of the source program. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>A message
window opens when JCL generation is complete. This message window
includes <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> buttons
that you can use to submit the generated JCL or open the JCL in an
editor session.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>To submit the JCL, click <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>To open the generated JCL in an editor session, click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn117.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdcmn118.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdcmn119.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdsubmitjcl.dita" type="task" />
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.zos.subsystem.jes.doc/topics/rzdcmn012.dita" type="reference" />
<link href="tzdbldopts.dita" type="task" />
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000004320?><?tm 1665694010531 5 MVS||IMS||Db2||CICS ?>
