<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdchghlq" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the high-level qualifier of an <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can change the high-level qualifier (HLQ) of an <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject after it is created.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>high-level qualifier<indexterm>changing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>changing a high-level qualifier</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When you create an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject,
you can choose a high-level qualifier for the subproject. The default
HLQ is the user ID with which you are logged on to the remote system
when you create a project. This HLQ is used to resolve the &lt;HLQ>
substitution variable that is displayed in some property values associated
with resources contained by the subproject. You can see the HLQ associated
with a subproject by selecting the subproject and opening the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To change the HLQ associated with a subproject:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view,
select the subproject.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window
opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Info</uicontrol> to open the <wintitle>Info</wintitle> page.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select a new HLQ from the <uicontrol>High-level Qualifier</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to save the change.</cmd>
<info>The <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
obtains the HLQs for this list from the filters that are defined under
the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> node in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view. <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/hlq"></ph></info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdimpproj.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190832 3?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002408?>
