<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcreateds" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a sequential or partitioned data set in an <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Creating a sequential or partitioned data set (PDS) in
an MVS subproject</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Follow these steps to create a new sequential or partitioned
data set in an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>MVS subproject<indexterm>creating a data set</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>subproject, MVS<indexterm>creating a data set</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>data sets<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must be connected to a remote system.</prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view,
navigate to the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject
in which you want to create the new data set.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Allocate
Sequential Data Set</uicontrol></menucascade> or <menucascade>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Allocate Partitioned Data Set</uicontrol>
</menucascade></cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>New Data Set</wintitle> window
opens, prompting you for the data set name and characteristics.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>To allocate the data set with default characteristics:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Type the new data set name.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>When
you allocate data sets or create partitioned data set members from
within an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject, the
names are validated against <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> naming
rules to avoid spending the time that would be necessary to process
allocation errors on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>.
(The same type of validation is done for actions you perform in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view.)</info><stepresult>The new member name is
displayed in the window.</stepresult></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>To set specific data set characteristics: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Type a data set name.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to advance to the
next wizard page. </cmd><info>For help completing the fields in the <wintitle>New
Data Set</wintitle> wizard, click the help icon.</info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn049.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn051.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn082.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="rzddsusage.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190832 6?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003082?>
