<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdcmn056" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph otherprops="IDz">Checking syntax remotely</ph><ph otherprops="ZOD ZOT">Checking
syntax</ph></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can perform a remote syntax check from a file that is open in the <ph otherprops="IDz"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX Editor, </ph>COBOL Editor
or PL/I Editor, from the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, or from the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view" /> view.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>syntax<indexterm>checking<indexterm>remotely</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must be connected to the remote system.</prereq>
<context rev="802">The syntax check action is not supported for sequential
data sets.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To check the syntax of your code using a remote compiler:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Select or open the file that contains the code you want
to check.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Right-click and select <uicontrol>Syntax Check &gt; Remote</uicontrol> <ph rev="80">or press Ctrl+Alt+R.</ph></cmd><info rev="802">If a JCL error
occurs or the job ends abnormally, an error message displays to help
you solve the problem. From this message window, you can do one of
the following steps:<ul>
<li>Open the job output to view the error messages and return codes.</li>
<li>Open the property group that is associated with the file to view
the build properties currently in use.</li>
</ul></info><stepresult rev="802">If the job executes successfully,
any syntax errors are reported to the <wintitle>Remote Error List</wintitle>.
If there are no errors, control is returned to you and you can continue
working.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdcmn017.dita" type="concept" />
<link href="czdcmn021.dita" type="concept" />
<link href="tzdcmn158.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdpscreate.dita" type="topic" />
<link href="tzdbldopts.dita" scope="local" type="task" />
<link format="dita" href="tzdshowdep.dita" scope="local" type="task" />
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000002410?><?tm 1665694009790 1 z Systems ?>
