<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="tzdcmn049" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding a remote file to an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can add a remote file to an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject by
using a menu command or by dragging a file.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>MVS subproject<indexterm>adding a remote file</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>subproject, MVS<indexterm>adding a remote file</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<section>
<title>From the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view</title>
<ol id="zproj_steps">
<li>Select the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject that you want to add resources
to.</li>
<li>From the menu, select <uicontrol>Add Resources</uicontrol>. <itemgroup>The <wintitle>Add
Resources to Subproject</wintitle> window opens. It lists all data set filters that are defined for
the remote system connection.</itemgroup></li>
<li>To select resources to add: <ul>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol> to add all resources to the subproject.</li>
<li>Select the checkbox beside a filter name to add all resources from that filter.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>+</uicontrol> to expand a filter and then select the checkbox beside a file
name to add individual files.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to add your selections to the subproject.</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title>From the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view</title>
<ol id="remsys_steps">
<li>To add a remote file to your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject by using a menu
command from the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view:</li>
<li>Switch to the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/perspective"/> perspective. </li>
<li>Select the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. </li>
<li>Select the remote file that you want to add to your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
subproject.</li>
<li>Right-click and select <uicontrol>Add to Subproject</uicontrol>. </li>
<li>Type or select the subproject name and click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. </li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title>Drag method</title>
<ol id="drag_steps">
<li>To add a remote file to an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject by using the drag
method:</li>
<li>Switch to the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/perspective"/> perspective. </li>
<li>Select the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. </li>
<li>Select the remote file that you want to add to your <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
subproject.</li>
<li>Drag the file to an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject in the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view. <itemgroup>The subproject must be connected to
the same <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> system from which the file originated.</itemgroup>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
</body>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn144.dita" type="task"/>
<link href="tzdcmn050.dita" type="task"/>
<link href="tzdcmn051.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190832 9?>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000003786?>
