<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn082" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Allocating a partitioned data set or sequential file from an
existing file</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Allocating a PDS or sequential file from an existing
file</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can allocate a partitioned or sequential data set from
an existing data set.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>allocating<indexterm>partitioned data set from
an existing file</indexterm><indexterm>PDS from an existing file</indexterm><indexterm>sequential
file from an existing file</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must be successfully logged on to a remote system.</prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Navigate to the partitioned or sequential data set that
has the same characteristics as the one you want to allocate.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select the data set and open the <wintitle>Property</wintitle> view
to be sure that you have what you want.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Allocate Like</uicontrol> from the menu.</cmd>
<info><note>You can also press Ctrl+1 to allocate a new partitioned
data set or Ctrl+2 to allocate a new sequential data set.</note></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Specify the name of the data set to be allocated.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>On
the next wizard page, the selected data set name is shown and <uicontrol>Copy
characteristics from an existing data set</uicontrol> is selected. </stepresult>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. </cmd>
<stepresult>The name of the new data set and its characteristics are
displayed for verification purposes. You can change the characteristics
if necessary.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
data set is allocated and added to the <uicontrol>Retrieved Data Sets</uicontrol> filter.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>When the data set is allocated, you can work with it as
you would with other data sets.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn039.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn050.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002540?>
