<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdchgrunenv" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the runtime environment of an <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Changing the runtime environment of an MVS subproject</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Changing the runtime environment of an MVS subproject</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can change the runtime environment of an <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject after it is created.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>runtime environment<indexterm>changing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>changing a runtime environment</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When you create an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject,
you can choose a runtime environment for the subproject. The runtime
environment is used to associate runtime-specific actions with projects
and subprojects. You can see the runtime environment that is associated
with a subproject by selecting the subproject and opening the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To change the runtime environment that is associated
with a subproject:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view,
select the subproject and then click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Info</uicontrol> to open the <wintitle>Info</wintitle> page.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select a new runtime environment from the <uicontrol>Runtime
Environment</uicontrol> list.</cmd><info>You can choose from the following
runtime environments:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Any:</uicontrol> Enables all project and subproject
actions. This runtime environment is the default.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Batch:</uicontrol> This option is reserved for future
use.</li>
<li><uicontrol>CICS:</uicontrol> Enables <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> actions and disables other runtime-specific
actions.</li>
<li><uicontrol>IMS:</uicontrol> This option is reserved for future
use.</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to save the change.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190832 4?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002501?>
