<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn048" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a project or subproject</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you delete a project or subproject, you can delete
all files and folders in it or you can remove it from the workspace
but preserve the files and folders.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>project<indexterm>deleting</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>subproject<indexterm>deleting</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>The project delete action provides two options for deleting
a project from a workspace:<ul>
<li>You can delete the project and all resources (files and folders)
associated with the project. If you delete a shared resource within
a project (for example a partitioned data set, partitioned data set
member, or sequential file that is also in another <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> project), you are notified that you are about
to delete a shared resource.</li>
<li>You can remove the project from the workspace, so that the project's
resources (folders and files) are no longer associated with the project,
but choose not to delete the resources themselves.</li>
</ul></p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To delete a project or subproject, follow these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Switch to the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/perspective"></ph> perspective.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Right-click the project or subproject that you want to
delete.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Confirm
Project Remove</wintitle> window opens. By default, <uicontrol>Do
not delete contents</uicontrol> is selected. </stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Do one of the following steps:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To remove the project from the workspace without deleting
the resources, select <uicontrol>Do not delete contents</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>To delete the project and its contents, select <uicontrol>Also
delete sequential files and members</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepresult>The
project is deleted. </stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190828 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002634?>
