<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdcmn155" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using separate <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation
for COBOL with <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> Transaction
Server for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="OS/390">OS/390</tm></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Using separate CICS translation</navtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can use <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> Transaction
Server for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="OS/390">OS/390</tm> to provide
translation support for <codeph>EXEC CICS</codeph> statements. Using
separate <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation causes <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation to occur as a
separate step from the compilation step. The translation results are
handed off to your compiler.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>COBOL<indexterm>CICS Transaction Server for OS/390<indexterm>Using
separate CICS translation</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>Use integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation
whenever possible, but you might need to use separate <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation under the following circumstances:</p><ul>
<li>You prefer to use your own tested and stable JCL to compile your
code</li>
<li>Your compiler does not support integrated <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation</li>
</ul><p><note>To perform syntax checks on your code, you must use
integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation. </note></p><p><note
type="important">The syntax check feature does not support separate <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation. </note></p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To enable separate <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translation
support for COBOL using <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> Transaction
Server for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="OS/390">OS/390</tm>, follow
these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Select the resource and then select <menucascade><uicontrol>Property
Group</uicontrol><uicontrol>Edit Associated Property Group</uicontrol>
</menucascade></cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To open the <wintitle>COBOL Settings</wintitle> page, click
the <uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol> tab.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Runtime Environments</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol> checkbox.</cmd>
<stepresult>This action activates the list beside the checkbox.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the list, select the level of <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> installed on the remote system.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Procedures and Steps</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enable the translation procedure: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>ELAXFCOT</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Enable Procedure</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click + next to ELAXFCOT.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>COBTRAN</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> Translator Step Options area
opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Complete the following fields and save the settings:</cmd>
<info><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Options</dt>
<dd>Options to be set for your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator.
Leave this field blank to use the default of options.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>SYSLIB</dt>
<dd>The location of your system library (SYSLIB). You must specify
this location so that your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator
can find your copy members.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Link</uicontrol> tab.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Expand <uicontrol>ELAXFLNK</uicontrol>, select <uicontrol>LINK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Link Step Options</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Complete the following fields and click <uicontrol>OK:</uicontrol></cmd>
<info><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Link libraries</dt>
<dd>Libraries to link your code with. For example, you might specify
CICSVS.TS230.CICS.SDFHLOAD and CEEV2R10.SCEELKED in this field.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Use specified link instructions</dt>
<dd>Select this option and enter the following link-edit control cards
in the field: <ul>
<li><userinput>INCLUDE SYSLIB(DFHELII)</userinput></li>
<li><userinput>INCLUDE SYSLIB(EQUDCCXT)</userinput></li>
<li><userinput>ORDER CEESTART</userinput></li>
</ul>  </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Load module location</dt>
<dd>The data set where your load module must be placed after the link
step. For example, you might set this location to the DFHRPL concatenation
of your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> region.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step><cmd>Close and save the property group.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq>You can now run remote syntax checks and perform remote builds
on your configured resource. You can specify more copy libraries,
compiler options, and JCL in the compiler properties pane by clicking
+ to expand <uicontrol>ELAXFCOT</uicontrol>, clicking <uicontrol>COBTRAN</uicontrol>,
and then clicking <uicontrol>Edit step.</uicontrol></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.doc/topics/elaxf.dita" scope="local"
type="topic" otherprops="Wazi"/>
<link href="rzdembed.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190858 20?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005889?>
