<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzddeletefile" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a file on a remote system</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can delete a file in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view
or the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>deleting a resource</indexterm><indexterm>resources<indexterm>deleting</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Deleting a resource deletes it from the remote system. If you want only to remove a resource from
a subproject, use the <uicontrol>Remove from Subproject</uicontrol> action in the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view. These two actions have similar names, but their
function is different. The <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> action deletes the file from the remote
system. The <uicontrol>Remove from Subproject</uicontrol> action deletes the file from the
subproject, but not from the remote system. The file remains on the remote system and can still be
edited or added to another subproject.</p>
<p>A third action is also similarly named, but different in function: <uicontrol>Remove from
Retrieved Data Sets</uicontrol>. This action removes a file from the Retrieved Data Sets filter, but
not from the remote system. The file remains on the remote system and can still be edited or added
to a subproject.</p>
<note>System administrators can disable the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> action on the
<wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> and <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> views.
For instructions on disabling this action, refer to the <cite><keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_full"/> Host
Configuration Guide</cite> (SC23-76585).</note>
</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To delete a resource:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or the <wintitle>z/OS
Projects</wintitle> view, right-click the resource that you want to
delete and click <uicontrol>Delete.</uicontrol></cmd></step>
<step><cmd>When you are prompted to confirm the deletion, click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>.
The resource is deleted.</cmd><info rev="751"> When you delete a generation
data group, all generation data sets in the GDG are deleted and then
the GDG base is deleted.</info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdcmn051.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link href="t_retrieveds_remove.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190809 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002033?>
