<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdefpreprocessor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Supporting error feedback for custom preprocessors</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can set custom preprocessor properties for supporting
error feedback.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>error feedback<indexterm>client setup</indexterm><indexterm>preprocessor
properties</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<stepsection>To set up properties to support error feedback for custom
preprocessors, do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>From a properties window, open the <wintitle>Add a New
Step</wintitle> or <wintitle>User-Defined Step Options</wintitle> window.</cmd>
<info>To open these windows, do the following steps:</info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the Assembler Settings, COBOL Settings, or PL/I
Settings page of the properties window, select the <uicontrol>Procedures
and Steps</uicontrol> tab.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the procedure name to which you want to add a
custom step or that has an existing custom step.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>To enable the procedure, click <uicontrol>Enable procedure</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>A procedure must be enabled before you can add a step to it
or edit an existing step.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add step</uicontrol> to open the <wintitle>Add
a New Step</wintitle> window or <uicontrol>Edit step</uicontrol> to
open the <wintitle>User-Defined Step Options</wintitle> window.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Support Error Feedback</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd><stepresult>The <uicontrol>Data Set Qualifier for Compiler
Errors</uicontrol> field is activated.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Specify the error feedback qualifier that is used to generate
the SYSXMLSD DD card in the JCL.</cmd><info>If your preprocessor writes
the XML file in UTF-8, then make sure the qualifier name that is specified
includes ERRWDZ. Files with ERRWDZ as a qualifier are transferred
in binary format to avoid any code page translations. To handle the
file transfer, a default mapping for **ERRWDZ is defined in the <wintitle>z/OS
File System Mappings</wintitle> view. </info></step>
</steps>
<postreq>See the Related References for samples of JCL and an XML
file that is generated for error feedback for a custom preprocessor.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czderrorfeedback.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="tzdefcobolpli.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdefotherlang.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="rzdefjclpreprocessor.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdefxmlpreprocessor.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190824 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002947?>
