<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdefotherlang" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Supporting error feedback for other languages</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
provides error feedback support for COBOL and PL/I, but you can set
properties for supporting error feedback for other languages, such
as Assembler.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>error feedback<indexterm>client setup</indexterm><indexterm>properties
for other languages</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<stepsection>To set up properties to support error feedback for other
languages, such as Assembler, do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>From a properties window, open the language-specific <wintitle>Compile
or Assemble Step Options</wintitle> window.</cmd><info>To open this
window, do the following steps:</info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the <wintitle>Assembler Settings</wintitle>, <wintitle>COBOL
Settings</wintitle>, or <wintitle>PL/I Settings</wintitle> page of
the properties window, select the <uicontrol>Procedures and Steps</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the procedure name for the compilation or assemble
step.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>To enable the procedure, click <uicontrol>Enable procedure</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>A procedure must be enabled before you can edit the step.</info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit step</uicontrol> to open the <wintitle>Compile
or Assemble Step Options</wintitle> window.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Support Error Feedback</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd><stepresult>The <uicontrol>Data Set Qualifier for Compiler
Errors</uicontrol> field is activated.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Specify the error feedback qualifier that is used by <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> to
generate the SYSXMLSD DD card in the JCL.</cmd><info>Your error feedback
program writes the error feedback XML file to the data set specified
by the SYSXMLSD Card. If your error feedback program writes the XML
file in UTF-8, make sure the qualifier name that is specified includes
ERRWDZ. <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> transfers
files with ERRWDZ as a qualifier in binary format to avoid any code
page translations. To handle the file transfer, a default mapping
for **ERRWDZ is defined in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> file
system mappings. </info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czderrorfeedback.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="tzdcustbld.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdefcobolpli.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdefpreprocessor.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="rzdefjclpreprocessor.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdefxmlpreprocessor.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190824 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003303?>
