<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdexpconfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Exporting push-to-client configuration files</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Exporting push-to-client configuration files</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Exporting push-to-client configuration files</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>After you configure remote system connections, configuration files, and preferences for
push-to-client configurations, you can export them to the remote system for distribution to client
workspaces.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>push-to-client configuration<indexterm>exporting configurations</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>To export system or global configuration settings to the remote system, you must have write
access to the push-to-client configuration files on the remote system. File permissions can be set
for three types of users: owner, group, and other. File permissions for the push-to-client directory
on the remote system are set by using the <cmdname>file.permission</cmdname> directive in the
<filepath>pushtoclient.properties</filepath> file. The default setting allows read and write for
owner (the user ID who created a file) and group, and read for other.</prereq>
<context>Exporting configurations for push-to-client distribution generates configuration files and
transfers them to the remote system. After the files are exported, they are automatically downloaded
to client workstations when they connect to the remote system.<p
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/ptc_config_list"/><note>Some configuration files, such as
installation configuration files<ph otherprops="IDz">, host-based projects, </ph>and default values,
are created manually on the remote system and not exported from the workstation. </note></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To export push-to-client configuration files:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Switch to the model workspace as described in <xref format="dita"
href="tzdptcmaster.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</cmd>
<info>
<p conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/ptcmaster"/>
</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Connect to the remote system to which you want to export configuration files:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select the remote system in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Connect</uicontrol> on the menu.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
<info>
<note type="remember">The push-to-client function supports only one primary system. Before you
attempt to export configuration files, verify that you are connected to only one primary system. If
you are exporting to a primary system that is different from the primary system to which you last
exported configuration files (for example, if your site uses one primary system for testing and
another for production), a window prompts you to verify that you are connected to the correct
primary system.</note>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>From the workspace menu bar, click <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Export</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Export</wintitle> window
opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>In the <wintitle>Export</wintitle> window, click <uicontrol>+</uicontrol> to expand
<uicontrol>IBM z/OS Explorer</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Configuration Files</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult><ul>
<li>If the remote system is the primary system, the <wintitle>Global Configuration Files</wintitle>
window opens.</li>
<li>If the remote system is not the primary system, the <wintitle>System Configuration
Files</wintitle> window opens.</li>
</ul>Each of these windows contains two sections:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Global configuration</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>System configuration</uicontrol> lists
configuration files that can be exported from the workstation to the remote system.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Key mapping update</uicontrol> lists configuration files that are created on the
remote system. You cannot export these files from the workstation.</li>
</ul><ph rev="803">If the product is configured to support configuration groups, this window might
also include a <uicontrol>Configuration group</uicontrol> list. Configuration groups are controlled
on the remote system.</ph>.</stepresult></step>
<?Pub Caret 712?>
<step rev="803"><cmd>If the push-to-client environment is configured to support configuration
groups, select the configuration group to which you want to export the configuration
files.</cmd><info rev="v85">If the model workspace is not bound to a group, you can select a group
from this list. If the workspace is bound to a group, the group name is displayed in this field and
you cannot select a different group.</info><stepresult rev="91">Some configurations, such as Eclipse
Preferences, offer you the opportunity to select specific configuration files to
export.</stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional" rev="91"><cmd>To see the list of configuration files, expand the
configuration.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To display the default locations and names of the configuration
files on the remote system, select <uicontrol>Show export properties</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>
The following export properties are displayed:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Export Path:</uicontrol> The location on the remote system to which the configuration
file is to be exported.</li>
<li><uicontrol>File Mask:</uicontrol> The file name pattern for the configuration file, which is
useful when many configuration files are saved in the same container.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Encoding:</uicontrol> The encoding of the configuration file on the remote
system.</li>
</ul></stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Select the checkbox next to the configuration files you want to export and click
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Finish.</uicontrol></cmd>
<stepresult> The configuration files are uploaded to the remote system. Some configurations, such as
Software Analyzer Configurations, might offer you the opportunity to select specific configuration
files to export. If you selected a configuration that provides this option, a window that lists
available configuration files opens. </stepresult>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select the files that you want to export and click
<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="czdptc.dita" scope="local" type="concept"> </link>
<link format="dita" href="rzdkeymap.dita" scope="local" type="reference"> </link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190796 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006882?>
