<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdglobalvar" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Inserting global variables</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can add global JCL substitution variables to your JCL
procedures.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>JCL substitution<indexterm>adding global variables</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>global variables<indexterm>JCL substitution</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The same process can be used to add global variables for JCL
procedures on any of the <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol> tab
pages.</prereq>
<context>The following process shows how to add global variables for
a COBOL program.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To add a new global variable for a JCL procedure that is
used with a COBOL program, open the <wintitle>COBOL Settings</wintitle> page
of the property group editor. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the left pane of the window, select <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Insert Global Variable</uicontrol>. </cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Insert Global Variable</wintitle> window
opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Select a variable name from the table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd> Click <uicontrol>Insert</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>The variable
name and value are added to the table. Repeat these steps as necessary
to add other global variables.</info></step>
</steps>
<result><p>When you add global variables to the <uicontrol>JCL Substitution</uicontrol> page
and then generate JCL or trigger a remote build or syntax check, a <codeph>SET</codeph> statement
is generated just before the <codeph>EXEC PROC</codeph> statement.
The following global variables are available:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>PDS</dt>
<dd>Resolves to the partitioned data set to which the source member
belongs.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>TCPIPADD</dt>
<dd>Resolves to the workstation IP address.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MEM</dt>
<dd>Resolves to the source member for which a build, syntax check,
or JCL generation action was requested.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>HLQ</dt>
<dd>Resolves to the high-level qualifier of the resource for which
the build, syntax check, or JCL generation action was requested.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MSUBSTR</dt>
<dd>Returns the member name substring that is based on starting and
ending indexes that you specify.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>USERID</dt>
<dd>Resolves to the user ID that is used to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></result>
<example>Assume that an installation customized the COBOL compilation
JCL procedure to add a custom preprocess step, for example, that expands
the COBOL source and would like to write the output of that preprocess
to a separate partitioned data set. The preprocessed member can be
the input to the compilation step. The preprocessed member has the
same name as the original COBOL source file, and the preprocessed
output is written to a separate data set. To write the output from
the preprocess step to a partitioned data set, you can add the following
DD statements to the procedure:<codeblock>//*custom - preprocess 
//SYS012 DD DSN=PDS.NAME(&amp;MEM),DISP=SHR ---> Writes the pre-processed output to PDS.NAME(&amp;MEM) 
//... 
//*compile step 
//COBOL.SYSIN DD DSN=PDS.NAME(&amp;MEM),DISP=SHR 
//.....</codeblock><p>&amp;MEM resolves to the source member for which
a build, syntax check, or JCL generation action is requested, so the
user can use the <wintitle>JCL Substitution</wintitle> page to insert
the global variable <varname>MEM</varname> in the properties for the <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject and does not have
to insert it for every member.</p> </example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190826 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004095?>
