<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdgdsalloc" rev="751" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Allocating a generation data set</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can allocate a new generation data set in a GDG from
the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>generation data set<indexterm>allocating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must connect to a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system
and define a generation data group.</prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To allocate a new generation data set in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view, do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> note of the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view, select a generation data group and then click <uicontrol>New
&gt; Allocate Generation Data Set</uicontrol> on the menu.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Allocate Generation Data Set</wintitle> wizard
opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Complete the fields on this wizard as follows:</cmd><info><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Connection Name</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Shows the name of the remote system to which you are connected.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Generation Data Group</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Shows the name of the generation data group in which the new data
set is allocated.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Generation Data Set</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify either a relative generation number in the form of (+n)
or the absolute generation number in the form of G<varname>xxxx</varname>V<varname>yy</varname>.
The default is (+1).<p><uicontrol>Relative:</uicontrol> To create
a relative GDS name, select this option and type a generation number
in the field.</p><p><uicontrol>Absolute:</uicontrol> To create an
absolute GDS name, select this option and then type the generation
number in the <uicontrol>G</uicontrol> field and a version number
in the <uicontrol>V</uicontrol> field. </p></dd>
</dlentry></dl>              </info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to specify data set allocation
characteristics. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>On the <wintitle>Data Set Allocation</wintitle> page, you
indicate one of three ways to begin specifying allocation values such
as record format, record length, and block size. You select one of
three options: </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If you select <uicontrol>Copy characteristics from an existing
generation data set</uicontrol>, click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol>.
In the window, expand the entry that identifies the high-level qualifier,
then click the name of a data set that can act as a model for your
new data set. To return to the <wintitle>Data Set Allocation</wintitle> page,
click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol>: <ul>
<li>To retain the name of the model data set, click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>;
or</li>
<li>To avoid retaining any name when you return to the <wintitle>Data
Set Allocation</wintitle> page, click <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol>.</li>
</ul></choice>
<choice>If you select <uicontrol>Specify characteristics by usage
type</uicontrol>, you select a value from each of two list boxes: <ul>
<li>The <uicontrol>Category</uicontrol> list box indicates a type
of content: Source, Listing, or Other</li>
<li>The <uicontrol>Type</uicontrol> list box gives a further categorization;
within Source, for example, are COBOL, PL/I, ASM, <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="tm" trademark="REXX">REXX</tm>, and JCL</li>
</ul></choice>
<choice>If you select <uicontrol>Specify characteristics (advanced
allocation)</uicontrol>, the allocation values for you to customize
are the values that were most recently in place. Use this selection
after you allocate the first in a series of equivalently structured
data sets.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>To open the <wintitle>Data Set Characteristics</wintitle> page
(where you set the actual allocation values), click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Specify the allocation values.</cmd><info>For details on
what values are required for different uses, contact your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system administrator. The
administrator can also inform you whether you must to click <uicontrol>System
Managed Storage</uicontrol> to assign a data set to a particular class. <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam" /> enforces
certain rules for record format (RECFM), record length (LRECL), and
block size (BLKSIZE). For more information, see <xref href="rzddsa.dita" type="reference" />.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to allocate the new
generation data set.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdgdg.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdgdgview.dita" type="task" />
<link href="tzdgdgdef.dita" type="task" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000005172?><?tm 1665694014095 3 z/OS||REXX ?>
