<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdgdg" rev="751" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing and working with generation data groups</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can display and work with generation data groups in
the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> or <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> views.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>generation data group</indexterm><indexterm>generation
data set</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must be connected to a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system
with generation data group resources.</prereq>
<context>A <term>generation data group</term> (GDG) is a group of
related data sets. Each data set within a GDG is called a <term>generation
data set</term> (GDS) or generation. A <term>GDG base</term> is a
catalog entry for a GDG, and represents a GDG. The <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> GDG
support allows for the display and manipulation of GDGs and GDSs in
the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. The <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> and <wintitle>Remote
z/OS Search</wintitle> views allow for displaying and working with
GDSs. <p>All functions available for data sets are available for GDSs,
except the following functions:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Add a GDG to a subproject</dt>
<dd>You can add a GDS in a GDG to a subproject and perform any operations
available for a data set, but you cannot add a GDG as a group to a
subproject.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Search with a GDG </dt>
<dd>The <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> action is disabled for GDGs
so that you cannot search in a GDG. Search results do not include
GDGs. Search results do include GDSs, and you can perform any operation
available for a data set.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Copy a GDG</dt>
<dd>The <uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol> action is disabled for GDGs. You
cannot copy an entire GDG.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Paste to a GDG</dt>
<dd>The <uicontrol>Paste</uicontrol> action is disabled for GDGs.
You cannot paste a data set into a GDG.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Rename a GDG</dt>
<dd>The <uicontrol>Rename</uicontrol> action is disabled for GDGs.
You cannot rename an entire GDG.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<stepsection>For more information about displaying and working with
GDGs and GDSs, see the following topics.</stepsection>
<step><cmd><xref href="tzdgdgview.dita" type="task"></xref></cmd></step>
<step><cmd><xref href="tzdgdgdef.dita" type="task"></xref></cmd></step>
<step><cmd><xref href="tzdgdsalloc.dita" type="task"></xref></cmd>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSLTBW_2.1.0/com.ibm.zos.v2r1.idad400/ch14.htm"
scope="external" type="reference">
<linktext>Processing Generation Data Groups</linktext>
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190815 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003250?>
