<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdgdgdef" rev="751" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Defining a generation data group</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can define a new generation data group (GDG) from the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>generation data group<indexterm>defining</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must be connected to a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system.</prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To define a new generation data group in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> and then click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Define Generation Data Group</uicontrol>
</menucascade> on the menu.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Define
Generation Data Group</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Complete the fields on this window as follows:</cmd><info><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Connection Name</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Shows the name of the remote system to which you are connected.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Generation Data Group Name</uicontrol></dt>
<dd rev="803">Specify a name for the GDG. You can select or type a
high-level qualifier in the list. Type the data set name in the entry
field.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Limit</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify the maximum number, 1 - 255, of generation data sets (GDS)
that can be associated with the GDG.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Empty</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies the action to be taken for the catalog entries for the
GDG base when the number of generation data sets in the GDG base is
equal to the limit value and another GDS is to be cataloged. The disposition
of the actual data sets uncataloged from the GDG base is determined
by the setting of the <uicontrol>Scratch</uicontrol> parameter for
the GDG base. If the <uicontrol>Empty</uicontrol> option is selected,
all GDS entries are removed from GDG base when you create a new GDS
causes the GDG limit to be exceeded. Otherwise, only the oldest GDS
entry is removed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Scratch</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specifies the action to be taken for a GDS when the data set is
uncataloged from the GDG base as a result of empty processing. If
the flag is selected, the GDS is deleted from all disks it occupies
when uncataloged from the GDG base, regardless of whether it is SMS-managed
or not. Otherwise, if the data set is a non-SMS managed data set it
is not removed from any of the volumes it occupies, and if the data
set is an SMS-managed data set it is recataloged as a non-VSAM data
set, and is no longer associated with the GDG base. It is not deleted
from any of the SMS-managed volumes it occupies.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Owner</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Identify the generation data set's owner. If this parameter is
not specified, the user ID is the default owner ID.    </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Days</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify the retention period for the generation data group that
is being defined. Click <uicontrol>for</uicontrol> to define the number
of days to retain the GDG up to 9999. Click <uicontrol>to</uicontrol> to
define the data until which to retain the GDG in the form of <varname>[yyyy/]mm/dd.</varname>.
If a retention period is not specified, the generation data group
can be deleted at any time.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>              </info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to define the new generation
data group.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdgdg.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdgdgview.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdgdsalloc.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190815 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004038?>
