<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdhmcf" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and distributing configuration files</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Creating and distributing configuration files</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Push-to-client configuration files</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>The push-to-client feature provides tools for system administrators to define remote
system connections, define configuration files, and set client workstation preferences from a
central location. These connection definitions, configuration files, and preferences can be
distributed to individual client workstations automatically when they connect to a remote
system.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>push-to-client configuration</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq id="prereq">To create and distribute remote connection definitions, configuration files, and
preferences from a central location, the server must be configured to enable push-to-client
updates.</prereq>
<?Pub Caret 180?>
<context>When a user connects to the primary remote system or to another remote system for which
system configuration files are defined, the configuration files that are stored on that system are
compared to the configuration files on the workstation. If updates are available, users are prompted
to install them.<p conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/ptc_config_list"/></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To create and distribute configuration files, do these steps. Each of these steps links
to more information about completing the step.</stepsection>
<step><cmd><xref format="dita" href="tzdptcmaster.dita" scope="local" type="task">Create a workspace
that serves as the model workspace</xref> for the configurations and preferences to be
distributed.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>From the model workspace, <xref format="dita" href="tzdcmn032.dita" scope="local"
type="topic">create connections</xref> to the primary remote system from which you intend to
distribute global and system configurations and to each remote system from which you intend to
distribute system configurations.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd><xref format="dita" href="tzdplanptc.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configure remote
system connections, configuration files, and preferences</xref> in the model workspace.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd><xref format="dita" href="tzdexpconfig.dita" scope="local" type="task">Export the
configuration files</xref> that are to be distributed to other client workspaces.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="czdptc.dita" scope="local" type="concept"> </link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1379086769 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002960?>
