<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdincpreproc" rev="760" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using the local include preprocessor</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The local include preprocessor allows for the incorporation of external source files into
programs by using include directives other than the PL/I directive %INCLUDE or COBOL COPY
statement.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>include preprocessor</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>PL/I include preprocessor</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>PPINCL01</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>++INC</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>++INCLUDE</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Create a local property group and associated it with a local COBOL or PL/I source file or
local project.<note type="other"
othertype="Limitation">The local include preprocessor is not supported on macOS clients.</note><p importance="optional">You can set content type
associations for the include preprocessor to define which file extensions the preprocessor searches
when it looks for copy and include files. For instructions for defining content type associations,
see the related topics. When you define content type associations for the include preprocessor, the
product passes an <codeph>EXT( )</codeph> parameter to the include preprocessor that contains a list
of allowable file extensions, such as <codeph>EXT("cpy","inc","mac")</codeph>.</p></prereq>
<context>The local include preprocessor is in the
<filepath>com.ibm.systemz.preprocessor.include</filepath> plug-in that is unpacked when you install
the product. You can use the local include preprocessor with an individual COBOL or PL/I program or
a local <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project that contains one or more COBOL or PL/I
programs. You can also use it alone or as part of a multi-preprocessor build operation.<ul>
<li>When the include preprocessor is the only preprocessor that is called before a compilation, the
input file is the COBOL or PL/I program that was selected for a <uicontrol>Syntax Check</uicontrol>
or <uicontrol>Show Dependencies</uicontrol> operation.</li>
<li>When the include processor is called for a project build, each COBOL or PL/I program in the
project is processed and then compiled. The input file in this case is the current COBOL or PL/I
source that is being processed.</li>
<li>When the include preprocessor is called as part of a multiple-preprocessor operation and is
started after a previous preprocessor, the input file to the include preprocessor is the output file
from the previous active preprocessor. This file is the one listed in the <uicontrol>Preprocessor
Output File Name</uicontrol> entry field of previous active preprocessors. For more information
about setting up multiple-preprocessor operations, see <xref format="dita"
href="tzdmultlocproc.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>. </li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To use the local include preprocessor:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open the property group editor for the property group that is associated with the
resource or project and open to the PL/I page.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the list on the left, click <uicontrol>Local Preprocessor</uicontrol> to open the
<wintitle>Local Preprocessor</wintitle> page.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Complete the fields in the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Options</uicontrol> section of the
<wintitle>Local Preprocessor</wintitle> page.</cmd><info>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Preprocessor Description</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Type a description, such as <userinput>Include preprocessor</userinput>.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Preprocessor Name</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Type the name for the include preprocessor. The default value is
<userinput>${bundle:com.ibm.systemz.preprocessor.include}/bin/<varname>operatingSystem</varname>/PPINCL01</userinput>,
where <varname>operatingSystem</varname> is 
<filepath>macos</filepath> or <filepath>win32</filepath>. The ${bundle} variable points to an
unpacked bundle or plug-in. This variable is used to find the include preprocessor.<note
otherprops="IDz">If you are using a property group created in V14.1.4 or an earlier release, then a
<uicontrol>Preprocessor Name</uicontrol> that uses the ${INSTDIR} variable to point to the
installation directory remains valid. For version 14.1.5, the PPINCL01 preprocessor is included both
in the product installation path and in the
<filepath>com.ibm.systemz.preprocessor.include</filepath> plug-in.</note></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Preprocessor Arguments</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>The include preprocessor can take the following arguments:<ul>
<li><userinput>TRACE(ON|OFF)</userinput> On the workstation, this option provides more output to the
TPF Remote Console. On 390 systems, this option provides more JES output. This output is intended
for use by an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> technical support representative and must
not be used during the regular course of development because it increases the amount of unwanted
output and can decrease performance. If you must contact your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
>IBM</tm> technical support representative for problem determination, you can copy this output it
into your correspondence. The default for this option is TRACE(OFF). If the option is not specified,
the default value is used.</li>
<li>
<userinput>FORMAT(ON|OFF)</userinput> On the workstation and on 390 systems, this option changes the
readability of the XML generated for error messages. FORMAT(ON) causes the statement table to be
written in six columns, making the XML file more readable. Setting this option significantly
decreases the performance of parsing the XML file, causing operations to take longer. The default
for this option is FORMAT(OFF). If the option is not specified, the default value is used.</li>
<li><userinput>NOCOPY(ON|OFF)</userinput> If your source contains COPY REPLACE statements, the
include preprocessor does not support processing the COPY REPLACE statement. The preprocessor does
not replace strings in the copy file, nor does it find the member name that is specified in the COPY
REPLACE statement. To avoid this problem, use the NOCOPY(ON) preprocessor option. This option allows
the <parmname>-INC</parmname> and <parmname>++INCLUDE</parmname> statements to be processed, but the
COPY statements and the <parmname>%INCLUDE</parmname> statements are not processed by the include
preprocessor. The compiler processes those statements after the preprocessor. <p>If your source
contains COPY statements with the member name enclosed in quotation marks or apostrophes, the
include preprocessor does not support processing these statements. To avoid this problem, use the
<parmname>NOCOPY(ON)</parmname> preprocessor option. This option allows the
<parmname>-INC</parmname> and <parmname>++INCLUDE</parmname> statements to be processed, but the
COPY statements and the <parmname>%INCLUDE</parmname> statements are not processed by the include
preprocessor. The compiler processes those statements after the preprocessor.</p></li>
<li rev="911"><userinput>CMT(ON|OFF)</userinput> When you specify <userinput>CMT(ON)</userinput> and
open an expanded source file, the include preprocessor comments the original <codeph>COPY</codeph>
or <codeph>INCLUDE</codeph> statement, places the copybook or include file into the source file, and
then places another comment to indicate the end of the copybook or include file. The expanded
copybook or include file and the comments look like this example:<codeblock>* COPY ABC
01  XYZ     PIC X
01  FIRST  PIC 9</codeblock></li>
<li>For more information about showing expanded source, see the related topics.</li>
</ul><note type="restriction">By
default, this field is empty. If you define content types for the include preprocessor and you
specify any preprocessor arguments in this field, then you must manually add any file extensions
that you want the preprocessor to recognize by using the EXT( ) argument, such as
<codeph>EXT("cpy","inc"," ")</codeph>.</note></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Preprocessor Output File Name</uicontrol></dt>
<dd>Specify a file name to be used for preprocessor output. If you omit this option, an output file
name is generated.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Support Error Feedback</uicontrol></dt>
<dd> Select this checkbox to log errors that are generated by the preprocessor. Selecting this
checkbox enables the <uicontrol>Error Feedback XML File Name</uicontrol> field. This option is
enabled by default.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Error Feedback XML File Name</uicontrol>
</dt>
<dd>Specify the unqualified name of the XML file to be generated for error feedback. If you omit
this option, an error feedback XML file name is generated.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><uicontrol>Environment Variables (Set Statements)</uicontrol></dt>
<dd> Specify any environment variables to be passed to the preprocessor. This field contains a value
for the SYSLIB, but you must change the value to point to the folder that contains your include
files. <ph rev="80">The path length for the SYSLIB environment variable is limited to 4 K. No error
message is issued for lengths that exceed 4 K, but SYSLIB statements greater than 4 K might cause
syntax check operations to end abnormally in the include preprocessor program.</ph></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdpscreate.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
<link format="dita" href="tzdpsassign.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
<link href="tzdcmn042.dita" type="topic"/>
<link format="dita" href="tzdaddpreproc.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
</related-links>
</task>
