<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdjclproc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting options for procedures and steps</title>
<shortdesc>Use the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> pages of the property group editor to
edit, add, remove, or alter the order of the supplied procedures and to display or edit step
options.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>The <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page is available on the
<uicontrol>Assembler</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>BMS</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>C/C++</uicontrol>,
<uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Link</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>MFS</uicontrol>,
<uicontrol>PL/I</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol>, and <uicontrol>ZUnit</uicontrol> property
group tabs.<p>The <uicontrol>Procedure and step table</uicontrol> lists the procedures and steps
that are defined for the property group and their status. It includes the following columns:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Procedure Name:</uicontrol> Displays the name of the procedures that are used to
generate the steps. By default, this option is set to match a procedure that is included with the
product.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Step Name:</uicontrol> Displays the step name that is specified in the procedure.
This step name is used to generate any override DD cards or statements in the generated JCL, remote
project builds, or remote syntax check. </li>
<li><uicontrol>Status:</uicontrol> Indicates whether the step is enabled or disabled. This column is
displayed only on the C/C++, COBOL, and PL/I <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page.</li>
</ul></p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<stepsection>You can set the following options for procedures and steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Click a step name to display the options in the <uicontrol>Step options</uicontrol> area
of the page.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To change the status of a procedure, click the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> cell in that
procedure's row and then click <uicontrol>Enable Procedure</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Disable
Procedure</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add Step</uicontrol> to add a step.</cmd>
<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Add a New Step</uicontrol> area of the page opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Remove Step</uicontrol> to remove the selected step from the
procedure.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Up</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Down</uicontrol> to move the selected step
up or down in the procedure.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>When you select a step from the table, its name is displayed in the list below the table,
and the options that are defined for it are displayed in the <uicontrol>Step options</uicontrol>
area of the page. To edit the procedure or step name, click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> beside the
list and edit the names that are shown in the <uicontrol>Procedure Name</uicontrol> and
<uicontrol>Step Name</uicontrol> fields.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Check Data Sets</uicontrol> to check that data sets specified in the
step options field exist on the remote system.</cmd><info>
<note>If a data set name contains the &lt;HLQ> variable substitution, <uicontrol>Check Data
Sets</uicontrol> cannot validate the data set name.</note>
<?Pub Caret 69?>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>For more information about specific step options, see the following topics:</cmd><info>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzdasmstepopt.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzdbmsstepopts.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref href="../../com.ibm.mvs.projects.doc/topics/rmvsproperties1_t.dita">C and C++ step
options</xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzdcicsstepopts.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzdcobstepopt.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzddb2stepopts.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzdlinkstepopt.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="mfs_step_opts_r.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="rzdrunstepopts.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<!--ZUnit Content Removed for Version 17.0.0
https://jsw.ibm.com/browse/ZDPT-12578
<li><xref href="r_zunit_runner_step_options.dita">ZUnit test runner step options (Deprecated)</xref></li>-->
</ul>
</info></step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links otherprops="Wazi">
<link format="dita" href="../../com.ibm.guide.hostconfig.doc/topics/elaxf.dita" scope="local"
type="topic"/>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1337269565 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005196?>
