<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdlocprocopts" rev="760" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting local preprocessor options</title>
<shortdesc>You can set options for local preprocessors.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>preprocessors<indexterm>local</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>local preprocessors</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Define a property group on a local or remote system.</prereq>
<context>Local preprocessor support is available for the following
compilation or syntax check operations:<ul>
<li>Local syntax check of a local or remote file.<note
conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/></li>
<li>Build of a local or remote project.</li>
<li>Show Dependencies on a local or remote project or local or remote file.<note>Only files that
were not created by a preprocessor step can be considered dependencies. If a preprocessor step
creates several include files that are eventually passed to another preprocessor or the compiler,
those generated include files are not considered dependencies.</note></li>
</ul><note type="tip">When you use local preprocessors with remote
files, the output files are generated to the <filepath>RemoteSystemTempFiles
&gt; Build Output</filepath> folder in the file tree. </note></context>
<steps>
<stepsection><note type="other" othertype="Limitation">The local include preprocessor is not supported on macOS clients.</note>To define options for local preprocessors:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open a property group in the property group editor.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Open the <wintitle>Local Preprocessor</wintitle> page of the <wintitle>Local COBOL
Settings</wintitle> or <wintitle>Local PLI Settings</wintitle>.</cmd><info>The <wintitle>Local
Preprocessor</wintitle> page contains two sections. The <uicontrol>Local Preprocessor</uicontrol>
section shows all preprocessors that were added the property group. There are two ways to work with
this list:<ul>
<li>Select the checkbox next to a preprocessor name to enable the preprocessor to run before a
compilation or syntax check operation. This action is called <term>selecting a preprocessor</term>.
The preprocessor is activated for execution only when the checkbox is selected.</li>
<li>Select the preprocessor name in the list to display the options that are set for it in the
<uicontrol>Preprocessor Options</uicontrol> section. This action is called <term>highlighting a
preprocessor</term>.</li>
</ul>The <uicontrol>Preprocessor Options</uicontrol> section shows the options for the selected
preprocessor. <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Preprocessor Description</dt>
<dd>Type a description, such as <userinput>Include preprocessor</userinput>. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Preprocessor Name (fully qualified)</dt>
<dd>Type the name of the include preprocessor. You can use the
${bundle:<varname>packageName</varname>}/<varname>path</varname> variable to point to an installed
plug-in that contains the preprocessor. The default value is
<filepath>${bundle:com.ibm.systemz.preprocessor.include}/bin/<varname>operatingSystem</varname>/PPINCL01</filepath>,
where <varname>operatingSystem</varname> is 
<filepath>macos</filepath> or <filepath>win32</filepath>. <ph otherprops="IDz"> In version
14.1.4 or earlier, you can use the ${INSTDIR} variable to point to the product installation
directory. This variable is used to find the include preprocessor that is shipped with the
product.</ph></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Preprocessor Arguments</dt>
<dd>Enter any arguments that you are passing to your preprocessor. These arguments would be entered
as though you were passing them to your preprocessor from the command prompt. The arguments might
include the fully qualified path of the file that is being preprocessed. If your arguments include
the fully qualified name of the XML file, or output file that is being produced by your
preprocessor, the XML file and output file must be created in the <filepath>BuildOutput</filepath>
folder of the local project. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Preprocessor Output File Name</dt>
<dd>Enter the name of the expanded file that your preprocessor produces. This file name must be
unqualified. The Output file must be generated in the <filepath>BuildOutput</filepath> folder of the
local project. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Support Error Feedback</dt>
<dd>Select this checkbox to log errors that are generated by the preprocessor. Selecting this check
box enables the <uicontrol>Error Feedback XML File Name</uicontrol> field. This option is enabled by
default. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Error Feedback XML File Name</dt>
<dd>Specify the name of the XML file to be generated for error feedback. This XML file must be
unqualified because it must be created in the <filepath>BuildOutput</filepath> folder of the local
project. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Environment Variables (Set Statements)</dt>
<dd>Specify any environment variables to be passed to the preprocessor. This field contains a value
for the SYSLIB, but you must change the value to point to the folder that contains your include
files. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><p>You can also use variables in any of the entry fields to help generalize project builds. For
a list of variables that you can use to define options for local preprocessors, see the related
topics.</p><p>When the local preprocessor is started by the syntax check, build, or show
dependencies action, the current directory for this action is the <filepath>BuildOutput</filepath>
folder of the local project. The XML file and expanded source file that your preprocessor create
must be created in this folder.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the property group to save the changes you made.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result>If you are using local preprocessors on a remote file, the
build output is in the <filepath>RemoteSystemTempFiles/Build Output</filepath> folder.
You can find this folder by going to the systems file navigator and
navigating to your workspace location. Inside your workspace folder
is the <filepath>RemoteSystemTempFiles</filepath> folder.</result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="r_loc_preproc_opt_vars.dita" scope="local" type="reference" />
<link href="tzdpscreate.dita" type="topic" />
</related-links>

</task>
