<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdlscremotefilelpex" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Local syntax check of a remote file from an editor</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you request a local syntax check for a remote COBOL
or PL/I file, the syntax check operation searches the remote system
for all dependencies (such as copybooks and include files) and caches
these files in a temporary location in your workspace. The list of
files is also stored as a property of the remote file. This search
and temporary caching enables a syntax check operation to complete
without requiring you to add the dependent files to your <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>local syntax check<indexterm>remote file from
LPEX</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<note conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/>
<p>Before you check syntax locally,
you might need to set local build options. You must do this action only once and only if you want to
override the default values.</p>
<p>This procedure outlines the default behavior for local syntax check.
You can override this default behavior and request that the syntax check operation look only in your
subproject for dependent files. To override this default behavior, select the <uicontrol>Syntax
Check</uicontrol> option in the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window. For more information, see
the related links.</p>
<note id="restriction_local_syntax_check" type="restriction">A local syntax check of a remote file that
contains copy members might use stale copy members from the cache if the copy member was moved to a
different location in the SYSLIB concatenation that is specified in the
<uicontrol>SYSLIB</uicontrol> field of the property group. This situation can occur if you have two
identically named copy members in different locations of the SYSLIB concatenation, perform a syntax
check, and then delete the identically named copy member that is highest in the concatenation. To
work around this problem, do these steps:
<ol>
<li>In the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window, navigate to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Remote Systems</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>File Cache</uicontrol>
</menucascade>, and then press <uicontrol>Clear Cached Files</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Right click in the <wintitle>Remote Error List</wintitle>, and remove all error messages. This
step prevents any error messages from existing copy files from being displayed.</li>
<li>Perform the local syntax check and refresh dependencies to make sure that the copy files are
refreshed in the cache location.</li>
</ol>
</note>
</prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To do a local syntax check of a remote file from an editor,
follow these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open the member in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z Systems">z Systems</tm> LPEX Editor, COBOL Editor, or PL/I Editor.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the content area of the editor, right-click and select <uicontrol>Syntax
Check > Local</uicontrol> <ph rev="80">(or press Ctrl+Alt+L</ph>)
or <uicontrol>Save and Syntax Check > Local</uicontrol> if the file
was changed.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Check Dependencies</wintitle> window
opens, prompting you to refresh dependencies for the remote file.</stepresult>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you have reason to believe that
the dependencies changed since the last syntax check, click <uicontrol>Refresh
dependencies and then perform a syntax check</uicontrol>. Otherwise,
click <uicontrol>Syntax check only</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>To review
the list of dependencies before proceeding, click <uicontrol>Dependent
files</uicontrol>. The window expands to show the list of dependent
files and the date and time of the last refresh.<note>The <uicontrol>Dependent
files</uicontrol> button is present only if you previously requested
a refresh dependencies for the file.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The local compiler is started to perform the syntax check. <note>Unless you select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Save and Syntax Check</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Local</uicontrol>
</menucascade>, your file is not automatically saved before initiating the syntax check.</note>When
the syntax check is completed, any errors are displayed in the <wintitle>Remote Errors
List</wintitle>. If there are no errors, control is returned to you and you can continue
working.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
<result>The following error messages represent some common problems with local syntax check of
remote files. These messages might appear in the <wintitle>Refresh Dependencies Problems</wintitle>
window. Click <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> to display the specific error message.<ul>
<li><msgph>JES subsystem is not connected. Connect to the subsystem and retry the operation.</msgph>
This message might appear if the JES subsystem is not connected.</li>
<li><msgph>The submitted job has ended with a JCL error. Check the build properties and retry the
operation.</msgph> This message might appear if, for example, you specified a partitioned data set
in the SYSLIB that does not exist.</li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190836 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005680?>
