<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdlscremotefilelpex" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Local syntax check of a remote file from the <wintitle>z/OS
Projects</wintitle> view</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you request a local syntax check for a remote COBOL
or PL/I file, the syntax check operation searches the remote system
for all dependencies (such as copybooks and include files) and caches
these files in a temporary location in your workspace. The list of
files is also stored as a property of the remote file. This search
and temporary caching enables a syntax check operation to complete
without requiring you to add the dependent files to your <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>local syntax check<indexterm>remote file from
z/OS Projects or Enterprise Projects view</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><note conref="tzdcmn055.dita#tzdcmn055/lcs-limitations"/>Before you check syntax locally,
you might need to set local build options. You must do this action only once and only if you want to
override the default values.<p>
<note>This procedure outlines the default behavior for local syntax check. You can also request the
syntax check operation to look in your subproject for dependent files. To get this behavior, select
the <uicontrol>Syntax Check</uicontrol> option in the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window. For
more information, see the related links.</note>
</p><note
conref="tzdlscremotefilelpex.dita#tzdlscremotefilelpex/restriction_local_syntax_check"/></prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To do a local syntax check of a remote file from the <wintitle>z/OS
Projects</wintitle> view, follow these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Select the member that contains the code you want to check.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Right-click and select <uicontrol>Syntax Check > Local</uicontrol> <ph
rev="80">or press Ctrl+Alt+L.</ph></cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Check
Dependencies</wintitle> window prompts you to refresh dependencies
for the remote file. </stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you have reason to believe that
the dependencies changed since the last syntax check, click <uicontrol>Refresh
dependencies and then perform a syntax check</uicontrol>. Otherwise,
click <uicontrol>Syntax check only</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>To review
the list of dependencies before proceeding, click <uicontrol>Dependent
files</uicontrol>. The window expands to show the list of dependent
files and the date and time of the last refresh.<note>The <uicontrol>Dependent
files</uicontrol> button is present only if you previously requested
a refresh dependencies for the file.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The local
compiler is started to perform the syntax check. When the syntax check
is completed, any errors are displayed in the Remote Error List. If
there are no errors, control is returned to you and you can continue
working.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
<result>The following error messages represent some common problems
with local syntax check of remote files. These messages might appear
in the <wintitle>Refresh Dependencies Problems</wintitle> window.
Click the <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> button to display the specific
error message.<ul>
<li><msgph>JES subsystem is not connected. Connect to the subsystem
and retry the operation.</msgph> This message might appear if the
JES subsystem is not connected.</li>
<li><msgph>The submitted job has ended with a JCL error. Check the
build properties and retry the operation.</msgph> This message might
appear if, for example, you specified a partitioned data set in the
SYSLIB that does not exist.</li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190836 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004260?>
