<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdmonitor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Monitoring remote system resources</title>
<shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Monitor</uicontrol> action to view the
contents and properties of remote objects and configure polling options
to refresh remote objects every 5 - 200 seconds.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>remote system explorer<indexterm>monitor</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>remote monitor</indexterm><indexterm>monitoring remote
objects</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can open the Remote Monitor on a remote system, subsystem,
filter, or other remote system container (such as a data set, an HFS
folder, or JES job) to view details and status of the resource. You
can use this view, for example, to monitor the status of submitted
jobs.</context><?Pub Caret 192?>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To open the Remote Monitor, select an object in the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view and click <uicontrol>Monitor</uicontrol> on
the menu.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To configure polling options for an object, do these steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Open the Remote Monitor on an object, such as <uicontrol>My
Jobs</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click the arrow beside <uicontrol>Poll Configuration</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Poll</uicontrol> checkbox and
then move the <uicontrol>Wait Interval</uicontrol> slider bar to set
the refresh interval for the <wintitle>Remote Monitor</wintitle> view.</cmd>
<info> You can set a value of 5 - 200 seconds. The monitor updates
the status of the object at the interval you set.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>To stop polling the object, clear the <uicontrol>Poll</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<postreq>Monitoring and polling options are not saved from one session
to another. After you disconnect from the remote system, the contents
of the Remote Monitor and any polling options you set are cleared.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002269?>
