<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdmvsprop" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing properties of the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files
subsystem</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>MVS Files subsystem</navtitle>
<searchtitle>MVS Files subsystem properties</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view for the <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol> subsystem provides quick access to information about
the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem and your
remote system connection.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>The <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> subsystem <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view
displays the following information:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Connected</dt>
<dd>The connection status of the subsystem: Yes or No.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Number of children</dt>
<dd>The number of folders, such as My Data Sets, Retrieved Data Sets,
My Favorites, or any other filters you created.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Port</dt>
<dd>The port that is defined for the subsystem during the remote system
connection.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Property Group Name</dt>
<dd>The name of the property group that is associated with the subsystem.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Property Group Overrides</dt>
<dd>Whether any values in the property group were overridden: Yes
or No.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Server Level</dt>
<dd>The version of the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> server
that is installed on the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>SSL</dt>
<dd>Whether the remote system connection was secured with SSL: Enabled
or Disabled.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Type</dt>
<dd>Subsystem.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>User ID</dt>
<dd>The user ID with which you logged in to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>The version of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> installed
on the server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></context>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdretrieveds.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdsavesearch.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdpropgrp.dita" scope="local" type="topic">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdpsassign.dita" scope="local" type="topic">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190810 5?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002982?>
