<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdonline" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Returning a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project
to online state</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>If you take a project offline and are ready to connect
it to a remote system again, you can return it to online state.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>z/OS project<indexterm>Returning to online state</indexterm><indexterm>online
state</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><note type="attention">The work offline and work online operations
for a remote resource are deprecated.</note>When a project is offline,
the resources on the remote system are still accessible to others.
You must merge your changes with any changes other users made to resources. </context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To connect a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project
back to the remote system and work online, follow these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>In the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view,
right-click the project to be moved online and click <uicontrol>Work
Online</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>If any of the associated systems
are not connected, you are prompted to connect before the project
is moved to online state. <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> attempts
to resynchronize your local resources with the remote system. A progress
indicator is displayed while the product collects out-of-synch resources.
If the offline project is large, resynchronization can take a few
minutes. After resynchronization, the <wintitle>Work Online</wintitle> window
opens showing the resources that changed since the project was taken
offline. If you renamed an offline resource, this change shows up
as two separate update operations: a deletion of the old resource
and an addition of the newly renamed resource.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>You can make updates as follows:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>To view differences between a local and remote resource,
select the resource of interest in the Changes pane.</cmd><stepresult>A
Text Compare pane opens showing the differences between the local
and remote resources. You can handle conflicts as follows:<ul>
<li>If a file is modified both locally and on the remote system, it
is marked with a red diamond. You can copy changes from the remote
system to your local workspace by clicking the right arrow between
the two panes.</li>
<li>After you fix the conflicts, you can save the local file by right-clicking
and selecting <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> on the menu.</li>
<li>To indicate that all conflicts are resolved, select the resource
in the <wintitle>Changes</wintitle> pane and click <uicontrol>Mark
as Merged</uicontrol>. </li>
</ul></stepresult></substep>
<substep><cmd>To download a resource that changed on the remote system,
select it and click <uicontrol>Download</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>To upload a resource that changed locally, select it
and click <uicontrol>Upload</uicontrol>. If you choose to overwrite
a remote resource when you take a project online, any changes that
others made to the resource on the remote system are lost.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>To upload the entire subproject, select the subproject
name in the Changes pane and click <uicontrol>Upload</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>After you upload or download all the resources that you
want, click <uicontrol>Work Online</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdsubprojects.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.uss.projects.doc/topics/navinstalling.dita" type="topic" otherprops="IDz"/>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/tzdcmn041.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn044.dita" type="task" otherprops="IDz"/>
<link href="tzdcompare.dita" type="task"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190830 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004186?>
