<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdprojdeffile" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a project definition file</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Project definition files list the subprojects that are
contained by the project and are in the root project definition folder
or one of its subfolders.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>host-based projects<indexterm>project definition
file</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>project definition file</indexterm>
<indexterm>configuring host-based projects<indexterm>project definition
file</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><note othertype="Prerequisite" type="other"><xref
href="tzdprojinstfile.dita" type="task"></xref></note></prereq>
<context>Unlike workstation-based projects, all subprojects that are
contained by a host-based project must be associated with the same
system.<p>Project definition files can be reused by referring to them
from multiple project instance files. Using the name override capability
of the instance file, the same project structure can be given a different
name for each instance file.</p><p>Project definition files must be
encoded in UTF-8 and have an extension of <filepath>*.hbppd</filepath>.
They are XML files that contain the following tags:</p><codeblock>&lt;PROJECT-STRUCTURE>
  &lt;WSED-VERSION>7.1.0.0&lt;/WSED-VERSION>
  &lt;PROJECT>
    &lt;PROJECT-NAME><varname>overrideName</varname>&lt;/PROJECT-NAME>
    &lt;PROJECT-TYPE>zos-project&lt;/PROJECT-TYPE>
    &lt;SUBPROJECT-LIST>
      &lt;SUBPROJECT>
        &lt;SUBPROJECT-FULL-PATH><varname>pathName</varname>&lt;/SUBPROJECT-FULL-PATH>
      &lt;/SUBPROJECT>
    &lt;/SUBPROJECT-LIST>
  &lt;/PROJECT>
&lt;/PROJECT-STRUCTURE>
</codeblock><dl><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;PROJECT-NAME></dt>
<dd>Is optional and specifies an override to the project name. If
this tag is omitted, the project name is the same as the project definition
file name.<note>If the &lt;PROJECT-NAME> tag is used in the project
instance file, that name overrides the name that is specified here.</note></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;PROJECT-TYPE></dt>
<dd>Is required and must be <keyword>zos-project</keyword>, as shown.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;SUBPROJECT-LIST></dt>
<dd>Is required and contains one or more &lt;SUBPROJECT> tags. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;SUBPROJECT></dt>
<dd>Is required and contains one or more &lt;SUBPROJECT-FULL-PATH>
tags. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;SUBPROJECT-FULL-PATH></dt>
<dd>Is required and specifies the path to a subproject definition
file, relative to the PROJECT-HOME directory.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></context>
<postreq><xref href="tzdsubpdeffile.dita" type="task"></xref></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="rzdprojdefschema.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190795 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003034?>
