<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdp2hmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Mapping local files to remote resources</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>To be able to synchronize files in a local project to a
remote system, you first need to map the local files to remote resources
(<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> data sets or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> System
Services files).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>mapping local files to remote resources</indexterm>
<indexterm>remote synchronization<indexterm>mapping local files to
remote resources</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><note type="attention">The remote synchronization function
is deprecated.</note>Before you can map resources in a local project
to resources on a remote system, you must allocate the remote data
sets (on <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>) or create the files
(on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm>) to which the local files are to be mapped.
Local files must map to a sequential data set (for example, <filepath>HLQ.QUAL.SDSNAME</filepath>),
a partitioned data set member (for example, <filepath>HLQ.QUAL(MEMNAME)</filepath>),
or a <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> file (for example, <filepath>/path1/path2/file.ext</filepath>).
For information about allocating <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> data
sets, see the related topics.</prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To map local files to remote resources, do these steps: </stepsection>
<step><cmd>Double-click the <filepath>.RemoteMapping</filepath> file
in the project.</cmd><stepresult>This action opens the Pushable Manifest
Editor. This editor displays two tree views:<ul>
<li>The tree of resources in the local project is on the left.</li>
<li>The list of resources in the remote system to which the project
is connected is on the right.</li>
</ul></stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Map local and remote resources manually or by browsing
to find them:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To enter them manually, do these steps:<ol>
<li>Specify the name of the remote system in the <uicontrol>Host</uicontrol> field.</li>
<li>Select either <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> as
the type for each resource you want to map.</li>
<li>Enter the location (that is the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> data
set name, member name, or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> file name) of the remote resource.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To map resources by browsing for them, do these steps: <ol>
<li>Expand the tree on the right.</li>
<li>Select the data set, member, or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> file you would like a local
resource to map to.</li>
<li>Find the local resource on the left.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>&lt;---</uicontrol> button. You might have
to expand the left side of the view to see this button. Clicking the
button sets the Resource Type (<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm>)
and Remote location (remote data set, member, or file) and the Host
(remote system).</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Save the <filepath>.RemoteMapping</filepath> file after
you make changes.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>If you have automatic build enabled, any errors in the file are displayed in the
<wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view. If automatic build is not enabled, you can invoke the build by
choosing <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Project</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Build Project</uicontrol>
</menucascade> from the menu bar. If the <wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view is not visible, you can
open it by selecting <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><ph otherprops="IDz"> (on <tm trademark="Windows" tmtype="tm">Windows</tm>) or <uicontrol><keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_full_ui" /></uicontrol>
(on macOS)</ph> &gt; <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Show View</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Problems</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. Clicking any error in the <wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view highlights the line
that must be corrected in the Pushable Manifest Editor.<note>You must build the project to cause the
<wintitle>Problems</wintitle> view to be updated. </note></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdcmn039.dita" type="task" />
<link href="rzdp2herr.dita" type="reference" />
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000004736?><?tm 1665694017870 21 z/OS||Windows||UNIX||MVS ?>
