<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdp2henable" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Enabling remote synchronization</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Remote synchronization is available from the <wintitle>Navigator</wintitle> in
the <wintitle>Resource</wintitle> perspective or the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view in the <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/perspective"></ph> perspective.
To connect Enterprise Service Tools single-service projects to a remote
system, open the Navigator and look for your projects there. The EST
Project Explorer does not support remote synchronization.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>remote synchronization<indexterm>enabling</indexterm><indexterm>enabling
remote synchronization</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>connecting
a local project to a remote system</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><note type="attention">The remote synchronization function
is deprecated.</note>Before you can use remote synchronization, you
must complete the following tasks:<ul>
<li>Define a local project and its resources.</li>
<li>Create a connection to a remote system.</li>
<li>Connect to the remote system.</li>
</ul>For more information, see the related links.</prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To enable remote synchronization of a project (that is,
to connect a local project to a remote system), do these steps:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open the Navigator, <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view, or Data Project
Explorer.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the project that you want to connect to a remote
system and then click <menucascade><uicontrol>Remote</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Enable Remote Synchronization</uicontrol></menucascade> from
the pop–up menu.</cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>Remote System Settings</wintitle> window
opens</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Host Name</uicontrol> list, select
a connected remote system.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>High-level Qualifier</uicontrol> list,
select a high-level qualifier for your remote data sets.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select a property group to associate
with the remote resources. </cmd><info>The property group defines
settings for building and running an application on the remote system.<note>If
a property group is associated with the remote resources, you can
skip this step. To create a new property group, click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.
For information about property groups, see the related links.</note></info>
<stepresult>The <wintitle>Managed Synchronization</wintitle> window
opens.</stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To define local-to-remote mappings
for your project, click <uicontrol>Enable Managed Synchronization?</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info><note>If you want to skip this step, you can add mappings later
in the Pushable Manifest Editor. For more information, see <xref
href="tzdp2hmap.dita" type="task"></xref>.</note></info><stepresult>The
Mappings Table is enabled.</stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Use the mappings table to associate
local file extensions to remote locations as follows:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>To add a mapping, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.
Type a local file extension in the <uicontrol>Extension</uicontrol> field
and a remote data set name in the <uicontrol>MVS Mapping</uicontrol> field
and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>To remove a mapping, select it from the table and click <uicontrol>Remove</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>To edit a mapping, select it in the table and click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to save your changes.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result>This process enables remote synchronization by creating the
following files in the project:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><filepath>.RemoteMapping</filepath></dt>
<dd>This file stores local-to-remote file mappings for the project.
To add, remove, or edit mappings, double-click this file. The Pushable
Manifest Editor opens.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><filepath>.RemoteSyntaxProperties</filepath></dt>
<dd>This file stores remote system properties for the project. To
edit these properties, select the project name and then select <uicontrol>Remote
Properties</uicontrol> from the menu. Do not edit this file manually;
use the properties page to edit it instead. Multiple users can share
the properties by keeping the <filepath>.RemoteSyntaxProperties</filepath> file
in a central repository.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>For local <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects,
this process also enables remote syntax check.  Because remote syntax
check requires information about the remote system to set up default
properties, you must be connected to a remote system before you enable
remote synchronization on a local <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project. <note>Local <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> project refers to workstation-based
projects, such as local COBOL or PL/I projects. Do not confuse workstation-based
projects with remote <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects
and subprojects.</note></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdcmn021.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="tzdcmn032.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdpropgrp.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190828 4?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005984?>
