<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="tzdpscreate" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and editing property groups</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you create property groups and associate them with resources, you can easily change
property values for various uses.</shortdesc>
<body>
<section><title>Creating a property group</title><indexterm>property
groups<indexterm>create</indexterm></indexterm><ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle> view, select a system, open the menu and
click <uicontrol>New Property Group</uicontrol>. The <wintitle>Property Group Editor</wintitle>
opens. This editor contains a series of tabs that open each page of the editor. </li>
<li>Type a name and description for the new property group. For example, to create a property group
that contains property values for debugging COBOL programs, you might type
<userinput>DebugCOBOL</userinput> for the name and <userinput>Properties for debugging COBOL
programs</userinput> for the description.</li>
<li id="dep_props" importance="optional" rev="851">
<ph id="dep_props_cmd"><ph rev="150">For remote property groups, you</ph> can define several
property group values on the <wintitle>Property Group Information</wintitle> page. These settings
include the properties that are required to resolve dependencies when you edit a file. All of these
settings are also available on other property group pages, but are placed on the <wintitle>Property
Group Information</wintitle> page for quick access.</ph>
<ul>
<li><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/pgm0002_al"
/></li>
<li><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/cblp0001_syslib"
/></li>
<li><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/cblp0001_ajcl"
/></li>
<li><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/pgm0002_slpo"
/></li>
<li><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/pgm0002_srpo"
/></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li id="cats"> Click the <uicontrol>Categories</uicontrol> tab and select the checkboxes beside the
categories for which you want to enter values for the property group.</li>
<li id="open_tab"> Select each property category tab to open the property page for that category. </li>
<li id="spec_values"> On each property category page, specify property values to be included in the
property group. <ul>
<li rev="760">For fields that take partitioned data sets as their values, you can drag a partitioned
data set name from the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, <ph
conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view, or <wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle>
results view and drop it in the field. To change the order of partitioned data set names in a field,
place the cursor in the field and click <uicontrol>Change Order</uicontrol> from the menu. The
property group editor checks that the value in a data set field is valid:<ul>
<li>The system for the data set is compared to the system for the property group. If the system for
the data set is different, an error message is displayed.</li>
<li>The property group editor verifies that the value is an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
data set rather than a partitioned data set member, <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> System Services file, or local file.</li>
<li>If multiple data sets are dropped in a field that accepts only one data set, an error message is
displayed.</li>
</ul></li>
<li rev="760">Click <uicontrol>Check Data Sets</uicontrol>
<ph rev="90">or <uicontrol>Check Remote Location</uicontrol></ph> to check that data sets <ph>or
folders that are specified</ph> in the step options fields exist on the remote system.<note>If a
data set name contains the &lt;HLQ&gt; variable substitution, <uicontrol>Check Data Sets</uicontrol>
<ph rev="90">and <uicontrol>Check Remote Location</uicontrol></ph> cannot validate the data set
name.</note></li>
</ul></li>
<li>
<ph id="save">When you close the <wintitle>Property Group Editor,</wintitle> a window prompts you to
save your changes. The name and description are displayed in the <wintitle>Property Group
Manager</wintitle> view. If you do not save your changes, the property group is not created.</ph>
</li>
</ol></section>
<section><title>Editing a property group</title><indexterm>property
groups<indexterm>edit</indexterm></indexterm><p>When you edit a property group, you can select new
or different property categories for the group or change property values in the group. This action
is a good way to propagate property changes across multiple projects, subprojects, or data sets
because it allows for making a property change in one place and having it take effect for all
resources that are associated with the property group.</p><ul>
<li>From the <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle> view, double-click a property group name or
select a property group to edit and then select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> from the menu.</li>
<li>From the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or the <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle>
view, select one of the following resources and then select <menucascade><uicontrol>Property
Group</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Edit Associated Property Group</uicontrol></menucascade> from the menu:<itemgroup><ul>
<li>The <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files node</li>
<li>An <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject</li>
<li>A data set or data set member</li>
<li rev="150">A local COBOL, PL/I, or Assembler project, directory, or file</li>
</ul>This menu item is available only if a property group is associated with the selected
resource.</itemgroup></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Copying a property group</title><indexterm>property
groups<indexterm>copying</indexterm></indexterm><ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle> view, select a property group to copy and
then select <uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol> from the menu.<itemgroup>The <wintitle>Copy Property
Group</wintitle> window opens. The <uicontrol>System</uicontrol> field on this window shows the
system for which the property group is being created. You can copy property groups only within the
same system.</itemgroup></li>
<li>Type a name for the new property group and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. <itemgroup>The
default name for a copy is <uicontrol>Copy of <varname>PropertyGroup</varname></uicontrol>. If
another property group is already using the name that you enter, a message is displayed and
<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> is disabled.</itemgroup>
</li>
<li>If you want to change the property categories or values for the new property group, select it in
the Property Group Manager and click <uicontrol>Edit.</uicontrol><itemgroup> The <wintitle>Property
Group Editor</wintitle> opens.</itemgroup></li>
</ol></section>
</body>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdpropgrp.dita" type="topic"/>
<link href="tzdpsexport.dita" type="topic"/>
<link href="tzdpsassign.dita" type="topic"/>
<link href="tzdnewsubproject.dita" type="task"/>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.installing.doc/topics/tzdmigprop.dita" type="topic"/>
<link format="dita" href="rzdcobstepopt.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/>
<link format="dita" href="czdprocessors.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>
<link format="html" href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.language.editors.doc/topics/tzdebeconfigpreprocessorremote.html" scope="peer" type="task"><linktext>Configuring a remote preprocessor</linktext></link>
</related-links>
</topic>
