<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdpgsys" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The system property group file</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The system property group file defines property groups
that are available to users when they connect to a remote system.
This file is generated when an administrator exports property groups
for distribution to client workspaces. It is not necessary to create
this file; information about its content and structure are included
here for reference only.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>property groups<indexterm>system property group
file</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>system property group file</indexterm>
<indexterm>configure property groups<indexterm>system property group
file</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When a user connects to a system for the first time, the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> product
determines whether a system property group file exists on the remote
system. If so, the property groups that are defined in that file are
loaded from the system file, and users see them in the <wintitle>Property
Group Manager</wintitle> view. If a <term>current property group</term> is
specified in the file, that property group is associated with the <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol> node in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.
The property groups are persisted in the workspace just like the property
groups the user creates. If the system property group file is updated,
users are prompted to replace the property groups that were originally
loaded from the system with the updated property groups.<p>The system
property group file is <filepath>propertygroups.xml</filepath> and
contains the following tags. It is encoded in UTF-8. For the system
property group schema, see the related topics.</p><codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;PROPERTY-GROUPS>
  &lt;PROPERTY-GROUP>
    &lt;NAME><varname>property group name</varname>&lt;/NAME>
	  &lt;DESCRIPTION><varname>property group description</varname>&lt;/DESCRIPTION>
    &lt;APPLICATION-LANGUAGE><varname>application language</varname>&lt;/APPLICATION-LANGUAGE>
    &lt;CATEGORY-INSTANCE>
      &lt;CATEGORY><varname>category name</varname>&lt;/CATEGORY>
      &lt;PROPERTY>
        &lt;NAME><varname>property name</varname>&lt;/NAME>
        &lt;VALUE><varname>property value</varname>&lt;/VALUE>
      &lt;/PROPERTY>
    &lt;/CATEGORY-INSTANCE>
  &lt;/PROPERTY-GROUP>
&lt;/PROPERTY-GROUPS>
</codeblock><dl><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;PROPERTY-GROUPS></dt>
<dd>Contains one or more &lt;PROPERTY-GROUP> tags.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;PROPERTY-GROUP></dt>
<dd>Defines a property group and the property categories for the group.
This tag can contain one &lt;NAME> tag, one &lt;DESCRIPTION> tag,
and one or more &lt;CATEGORY-INSTANCE> tags.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;NAME></dt>
<dd>Specify the name of the property group, such as <userinput>COBOL
property group</userinput>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;DESCRIPTION></dt>
<dd>A description of the property group, such as <userinput>Contains
properties for compiling COBOL programs to run in debug mode</userinput>.
This tag is optional.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;APPLICATION-LANGUAGE></dt>
<dd>Specify the application language, such as "COBOL" or "PL/I". 
This tag is optional.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;CATEGORY-INSTANCE></dt>
<dd>Specify the property categories to be included in the property
group. This tag can contain one &lt;NAME> tag and one or more &lt;PROPERTY>
tags.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;CATEGORY></dt>
<dd>Specify the name of a property category to include in the property
group. See the Related References for a list of valid category names.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;PROPERTY></dt>
<dd>Specify one or more property &lt;NAME> and &lt;VALUE> pairs to
include for the category. For a list of valid property names, see
the related topics.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </context>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="rzdpgsysschema.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdpgsyssamp.dita" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdpgcats.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190793 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004478?>
