<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="tzdpropgrp" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Defining resource options with property groups</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can create property groups with property values that can be shared by <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects, local <tm trademark="z/OS" tmtype="reg">z/OS</tm> projects,
and their resources.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>property groups</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<section>
<title>Overview</title>
<p>System properties, subproject properties, local project properties, and resource properties make
the development environment more convenient. You can build code at a keystroke, for example, because
compilers and linkage editors are referenced as property values. Properties define the
characteristics of a local or remote resource. They are created for each resource when the resource
is first accessed and maintained until the resource is deleted. Disconnecting from a remote system
makes the properties and resources unviewable, but the properties persist and can be viewed again
when you reconnect to the system. </p>
<p>When you modify a resource by an operation that you initiate from within the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> client, the
properties of the resource are kept up-to-date. When you modify a resource from outside the client,
such as by using ISPF, the properties of the resource become out of sync until they are refreshed
from the workstation.</p>
<p>You define resource properties in <term>property groups</term>, or named sets of property values
that can be easily shared and reused among projects, systems, and users. A <term>property
group</term> is a set of property values that you define for local <tm trademark="z/OS" tmtype="reg"
>z/OS</tm> projects or specific local and remote resources. After the property group is defined, the
values in it can be applied to the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects,
subprojects, and resources that you create on that system. Property groups provide a way to manage
resource properties; share them across systems, projects, resources, and users; and maintain
consistency in your development and build environment. The systems, projects, and resources you
define have default properties. If no property groups are defined for a system, then the default
properties are in effect for the system and its resources.</p>
<p>You can, for example, define a property group with values required for debugging and apply that
property group to your resources when you must debug a project or subproject. If you must change a
specific property value, such as the JCL job card and data set, you can change this property in the
property group, and the change is propagated to all resources associated with that property group. </p>
<p>You can add, copy, delete, edit, import, and export property groups. Physical resources, such as
systems, files, and data sets, and logical resources, such as projects and subprojects, can be
associated with a property group that can be overridden for specific situations. Property groups are
independent of each other. That is, changing property values in one property group has no effect on
the property values in other property groups.</p>
<p>Your site can create system property groups and default property values and make them available
to users. When a connection is made to a system, if these files are found, then those property
groups or default values are loaded and can be used. For instructions for creating default property
values, see <xref href="tzdcfgpg.dita" type="task"/>.</p>
</section>
<section><title>How property groups are used</title>Many product components use property groups to
set options for the functions they support. The topics in this section explain how to create, edit,
and assign property groups to resources. For more information about the options in property groups
and how they are used by various product components and functions, see these topics:<ul>
<li><xref href="tzdbldopts.dita">Property group options for editors, compilers, preprocessors, and
build functions</xref></li>
<li><xref href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.language.editors.doc/topics/t_config_preproc_ext.dita"
scope="peer">Property group options for configuring preprocessors</xref></li>
<li otherprops="IDz"><xref href="../../com.ibm.cdz.remote.doc/topics/setcpp_editorproperties_t.dita"
scope="peer">Property group options for the Remote C/C++ Editor</xref></li>
<!--ZUnit Content Removed for Version 17.0.0
https://jsw.ibm.com/browse/ZDPT-12578
<li otherprops="IDz"><xref href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.zunit.doc/topics/t_set_property_group_options.dita" scope="peer">Property group options for ZUnit</xref></li>
<li otherprops="IDz"><xref href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.zunit.doc/topics/r_propgroup_dyntestrunner.dita">Property group options for the ZUnit dynamic test runner</xref></li>-->
<li><xref href="../../com.ibm.idz.dbbz.doc/topics/DBBz_create_pgroup.dita">Property groups for the
Dependency Based Build Integration</xref></li>
<li otherprops="ewm"><xref
href="../../com.ibm.rational.rtc.rdz.doc/topics/rdzrtcz_int_local_projects.dita">Property groups for
Engineering Workflow Management local projects</xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section id="open-property-group-manager"><title>The Property Group
Manager</title><indexterm>Property Group Manager
view<indexterm>opening</indexterm></indexterm><p>The <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle>
view provides tools for creating, deleting, editing, importing, exporting, and copying property
groups. Because it is one of the default views in the <wintitle>z/OS Projects
</wintitle>perspective, it is usually open when you start the workspace. If it is not already open,
do these steps to open it:</p><ol>
<li> From the menu bar, click <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><ph otherprops="IDz"> (on <tm
trademark="Windows" tmtype="tm">Windows</tm>) or <uicontrol><keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_full_ui"/></uicontrol>
(on macOS)</ph> &gt; <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Show View</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Other</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </li>
<li>In the <wintitle>Show View</wintitle> window, expand <uicontrol>z/OS Project
Views</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Property Group Manager</uicontrol> and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol><p>The <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle> opens. <ph rev="90">It lists all system
connections, the property groups that are defined for each system, and the last edit date for each
property group.</ph> You can sort the list by clicking the table headings. Property groups are
sorted first by system name and then by property group name or description. To reverse the sort
order, click the column heading again.</p></section>
<p>For more information about creating and managing property groups, select one of the following
topics:</p>
</body>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdnewsubproject.dita" type="task"/>
<link href="tzdcfgpg.dita" type="task"/>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.installing.doc/topics/tzdmigprop.dita" type="topic"/>
<link format="html" href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/propgrp.html" scope="peer" type="topic"><linktext>Quick task: Managing properties with property groups</linktext></link>
</related-links>
</topic><?Pub *0000004985?><?tm 1665694018244 5 z/OS||MVS ?>
