<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="synchronizingautomatically" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Synchronizing automatically</title>
<shortdesc>When enabled, automatic synchronization copies all (nonconflicting) remote changes to the
local project and local changes to the remote system as needed. If conflicts are present, the
<wintitle>Synchronize</wintitle> perspective opens so that you can resolve the conflicts. You can
use two methods to enable automatic synchronization.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>synchronizing automatically</indexterm>
<indexterm>remote synchronization<indexterm>automatic</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>automatic remote synchronization</indexterm>
<indexterm>remote synchronization<indexterm>automatic</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>automatic remote synchronization</indexterm>
<indexterm>remote synchronization<indexterm>automatic</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<note type="attention">The remote synchronization function is deprecated.</note>
<section>
<title id="pref">Setting the automatic synchronization preference</title>
<p>You can set up a local project or file for automatic remote synchronization.</p>
<p>To enable automatic remote synchronization for a local project or file, right-click any
remote-enabled file or project and then click
<menucascade><uicontrol>Remote</uicontrol><uicontrol>Automatically
synchronize</uicontrol></menucascade>. </p>
<p>The <uicontrol>Automatically synchronize</uicontrol> action has a checkbox next to it when it is
enabled. If automatic synchronization is not enabled and changes are found in the project, a warning
is displayed. The warning indicates that project resources must be synchronized. Select the
<uicontrol>Always automatically synchronize</uicontrol> checkbox to enable this action. </p>
</section>
<section>
<title id="sync">Remote synchronization during a syntax check</title>
<p>When a local project is enabled for remote synchronization, you can perform a remote syntax
check.</p>
<p>A remote syntax check gathers the remote properties that you set when you enable remote
synchronization, generates syntax check JCL, and submits the JCL to the remote system. Errors are
reported in the <wintitle>Remote Error List</wintitle>. </p>
<p>To perform a remote syntax check, right-click the project or file, and click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Syntax check</uicontrol><uicontrol>Remote</uicontrol>
</menucascade>
<ph rev="80">or press Ctrl+Alt+R.</ph></p>
<p>If changes occurred to the file or other files in the project, a warning window prompts you to
synchronize your changes. <ul>
<li>To stop the syntax check and open the <wintitle>Synchronize</wintitle> perspective, click
<uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>. For more information, see <xref href="tzdp2hman.dita" type="task"/>. </li>
<li>To submit the syntax check JCL but not synchronize any changes, click
<uicontrol>No</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>To stop the syntax check from being submitted, click <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol>. </li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can avoid this warning by using the <xref href="tzdp2hauto.dita" type="topic"/>
preference.</p>
</section>
</body>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdshowdep.dita" type="task"/>
<link href="tzdcmn056.dita" type="task"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1316710766 0?>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000003855?>
