<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="tzdpsexport" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Exporting and importing property groups</title>
<shortdesc>You can export and import property groups for sharing with other users.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>property groups<indexterm>exporting</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<body>
<section>
<title>Exporting a property group</title>
<ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle> view, do one of the following steps: <ul>
<li>To export all property groups for a system, select the system and then select
<uicontrol>Export</uicontrol> from the menu.</li>
<li>To export a single property group, select the property group and then select
<uicontrol>Export</uicontrol> from the menu.</li>
</ul> The <wintitle>Export Property Groups</wintitle> window opens.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Location</uicontrol> field, type the directory path where you want to the file
to be stored or click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to navigate to the directory path.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>File name</uicontrol> field, type a file name for the property group. Do not
include the file extension.  The file extension <filepath>.xml</filepath> is automatically appended
to the file name as needed.</li>
<li>From the table view, select one or more property groups to export.<itemgroup rev="803"> You can
click <uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Deselect All</uicontrol> to select all
property groups or clear all groups. You can sort the list by clicking the table headings. To
reverse the sort order, click the table headings again.</itemgroup></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to save the file. </li>
</ol>
</section>
<section><title>Importing a property group</title><indexterm>property
groups<indexterm>importing</indexterm></indexterm><ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Property Group Manager</wintitle> view, select the system into which you want
to import property groups and then select <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol> from the menu. The
<wintitle>Import Property Groups</wintitle> window opens.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>File</uicontrol> field, type the path of the XML file or click
<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to navigate to the file. The property groups that are defined in the
file are loaded into the table view.</li>
<li>From the table view, select one or more property groups to import. You can sort the list by
clicking the table headings. To reverse the sort order, click the table headings again.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to import the property group from the file. <note>If you attempt
to import a property group that contains unsupported categories, then the unsupported categories are
ignored, but the supported categories are imported. This situation might occur, for example, if you
attempt to import a property group into a previous version of <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/>, and the previous
version does not recognize a category that was introduced in a more recent version.</note></li>
</ol></section>
</body>
<related-links>
<link href="tzdpropgrp.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdpscreate.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdpsassign.dita" type="topic"></link>
<link href="tzdnewsubproject.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.installing.doc/topics/tzdmigprop.dita" type="topic"></link>
</related-links>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000002639?>
