<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Concept//EN"
 "ibm-concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tzdplanptc" xml:lang="en-us">
<?acro_status spelling="0" grammar="0" style="15" terminology="9" terminologyAdmitted="0" reuse="0" total="24" score="181" status="yellow" ?>
<title>Defining connections, configuration files, and preferences for push-to-client
configuration</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Defining connections, configuration files, and preferences</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Defining connections, configuration files, and preferences for push-to-client
configuration</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>To set up connections, configuration files, and preferences for distribution in a
push-to-client environment, define global and system configuration files.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>push-to-client configuration<indexterm>defining configurations</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>global configuration files</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>system configuration files</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>primary system</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<section><title>Global configuration files</title><term>Global</term> configuration files are
managed on the <term>primary</term> remote system. The primary remote system is a <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> system that is defined during host installation and configuration as the
controlling system for push-to-client configuration.<table><title>Global configuration
files</title><desc> The global configuration files include these settings.<p outputclass="summary"
>This table describes the global configuration files that can be distributed to client workstations
by using the push-to-client feature. It provides the file type, a description, and a link to more
information.</p></desc><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">File Type</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col3">More Information</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Eclipse Preferences</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported from the settings in the
<wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window of a workspace that is connected to the primary remote
system. The push-to-client feature uses the base Eclipse export mechanism for preferences, which
saves only changes to default values. Eclipse also exports different preferences to various discrete
<filepath>.pref</filepath> files. The result is that the push-to-client feature exports and
distributes only those Eclipse preference files that contain nondefault values. </entry>
<entry colname="col3">
<sl>
<sli><xref format="html" href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/reference/ref-72.htm"
scope="peer">Eclipse Preferences</xref></sli>
<sli><xref format="dita" href="tzdcmn010.dita" scope="local" type="task"><tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> Preferences</xref></sli>
</sl>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Remote System Connections</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported from the <wintitle>Remote
Systems</wintitle> view of a workspace that is connected to the primary remote system. They include
all remote system connections that are defined in this view.</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="dita" href="tzdcmn032.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/></entry>
</row>
<row otherprops="IDz">
<entry colname="col1">Menu Manager Files</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported from the files and settings that are
created by using the Menu Manager preference pages in a workspace that is connected to the primary
system. The configuration files include all user-defined Menu Manager menu and action files in the
workspace.<note type="restriction">By using push-to-client, you can export only user-defined actions
and menus. You cannot export any of the base file actions that are included with Menu Manager.
</note></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref
href="../../com.ibm.tpf.toolkit.menumanager.doc/topics/menumanager_c.dita" scope="local"
otherprops="IDz"/></entry>
</row>
<row otherprops="IDz">
<entry colname="col1">Software Analyzer Configurations</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported from the Software Analyzer
configurations that are defined on a workspace that is connected to the primary remote system. They
include all software analysis configurations that are defined for each remote system.</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.rsar.analysis.codereview.cobol.doc/topics/cac_anconfig_editor_scenarios.html"
scope="peer" type="task">Creating software analysis configurations</xref></entry>
</row>
<row rev="95">
<entry colname="col1">Snippets Configuration File</entry>
<entry colname="col2">This configuration file is exported from the <wintitle>Snippets</wintitle>
view in a workspace that is connected to the primary system. The code snippets are compressed into
an archive file and uploaded to the primary remote system.<note type="important">When snippets are
downloaded to a client workstation, all snippets are replaced by those that are downloaded from the
remote system. The push-to-client feature cannot merge local snippets with those downloaded from the
remote system.</note></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="html"
href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.wst.sse.doc.user_1.2.0.v201903222120/topics/csrcedt001.html" scope="peer" type="concept"
>Snippets</xref></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table></section>
<section><title>System configuration files</title><term>System</term> configuration files are
managed on the primary remote system and on other remote systems to which users can connect.
<table><title>System configuration files</title><desc>The system configuration files include these
settings.<p outputclass="summary">This table describes the system configuration files that can be
distributed to client workstations by using the push-to-client feature. It provides the file type, a
description, and a link to more information.</p></desc><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">File Type</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
<entry colname="col3">More Information</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Remote Index Locations</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported for each remote system connection that
is defined on a workspace that is connected to the primary remote system. They include all remote
index search locations that are defined for each remote system.</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.cdz.remote.doc/topics/usingtheremoteindexsearch_t.html" scope="peer" type="task"
>Using the remote index search</xref></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> File System Mapping Configuration
Files</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported from the <wintitle>z/OS File System
Mapping</wintitle> view of a workspace that is connected to the primary remote system. They include
all <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> file system mappings that are defined for each
remote system that is defined in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. The push-to-client
feature can export three types of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> file system mapping
configuration files:<ul>
<li><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files - System Mapping files are defined for a remote
system.</li>
<li otherprops="IDz"><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files - Bidi Conversion Table files
are defined for systems that use bidirectional conversion tables.</li>
<li><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files - Resource Mapping files are defined for specific
data sets on a remote system.</li>
</ul></entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="dita" href="tzdcmn035.dita" scope="local" type="task"/></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Property Group Configuration Files - Property Groups</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are exported from the Property Group Manager for
each remote system connection that is defined on a workspace that is connected to the primary remote
system. They include all property groups that are defined for each remote system. </entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="dita" href="tzdpscreate.dita" scope="local" type="topic"
/></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Property Group Configuration Files - Default Values</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are created manually. They define the default
property group values to be downloaded to the client workstation when it connects to a remote
system.</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="dita" href="tzdcfgpg.dita" scope="local" type="task"/></entry>
</row>
<row otherprops="IDz">
<entry colname="col1">Host-based Project Configuration Files</entry>
<entry colname="col2">These configuration files are created manually. They define <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects and <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects to be
loaded into the <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view when the client workstation connects to a
remote system.</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><xref format="dita" href="tzdcfghostbased.dita" scope="local" type="task"
/></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1435190792 10?>
<related-links>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita"/>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub Caret 0?>
<?Pub *0000010712?>
