<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdrebuild" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Rebuilding a project or subproject</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Rebuild Project</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Rebuild
Subproject</uicontrol> action to create a load module.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>rebuilding a project</indexterm>
<indexterm>project<indexterm>rebuilding</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>rebuilding a subproject</indexterm>
<indexterm>subproject<indexterm>rebuilding</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can use two actions for building projects and subprojects:<ul>
<li>Use <uicontrol>Rebuild Project</uicontrol> when you want to build a project with several load
modules contained in multiple subprojects.</li>
<li>Use <uicontrol>Rebuild Subproject</uicontrol> to build a single load module.<note
type="restriction" otherprops="ewm">For subprojects that are shared in a <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RTC_fam"/> repository, all
resources in the subproject must be shared. If some resources in a subproject are not shared, the
<uicontrol>Rebuild Subproject</uicontrol> action is disabled.</note></li>
</ul>When you use these actions to create a load module, the load module name is assigned by either
of the following methods:<ul>
<li>The name of the program that is nominated as the entry point for the load module. This method is
the default.</li>
<li>A load module name that you specify during the build operation. This method is available for
rebuilding subprojects only.</li>
</ul>Load module names, and the method for assigning them, are associated with a subproject. If you
build a project with multiple load modules, therefore, the load module name that is used for each
subproject is the one that is associated with that subproject.<p
conref="zide_platform_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/windows"/></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To create a load module by building a project or subproject:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>To nominate a file as the entry point, right-click that file and click
<uicontrol>Nominate as Entry Point</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Right-click the project or subproject you want to build and click <uicontrol>Rebuild
Project</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Rebuild Subproject</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult rev="803">
<ul>
<li>For a <uicontrol>Rebuild Project</uicontrol> operation for a single load module, the build
request executes. The load module name is the name of the member that is nominated as the entry
point.</li>
<li>For a <uicontrol>Rebuild Project</uicontrol> operation for multiple load modules, the build
request executes. The load module name is the name of the member that is nominated as the entry
point or specified on the <wintitle>Load Module Member Name</wintitle> window.</li>
<li>For a <uicontrol>Rebuild Subproject</uicontrol> operation, the <wintitle>Load Module Member
Name</wintitle> window opens.</li>
</ul>
</stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional" rev="803"><cmd>To change the load module name for a <uicontrol>Rebuild
Subproject</uicontrol> operation, type a member name in the <uicontrol>Member Name</uicontrol> field
and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>You can disable this window by using the
<wintitle>z/OS Solutions</wintitle> preference page.</info><stepresult>The build request
executes.</stepresult></step>
</steps>
<result>If the job executes successfully, this action generates and submits JCL that compiles and
links the source, producing a load module that you can run or debug. The JCL generated by this
action does not produce a GO step. Build errors are presented as entries in the <wintitle>Remote
Error List</wintitle> view. <p>If a JCL error occurs or the job ends abnormally, an error message
displays to help you solve the problem. From this message window, you can do one of the following actions:<ul>
<li>Open the job output to view the error messages and return codes.</li>
<li>Open the property group that is associated with the file to view the build properties currently
in use.</li>
</ul>Click an entry to open the source file in which the related error was found.</p></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdzossol.dita" scope="local" type="reference"> </link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190839 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004629?>
