<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN" "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="tzdrunopts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Choosing the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm>, <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>, or <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="IMS" tmclass="IGNORE">IMS</tm> runtime environment</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Choosing the Db2, CICS, or IMS runtime environment</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Choosing the Db2, CICS, or IMS runtime environment</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Use the <wintitle>Runtime Environments</wintitle> page of the property group editor to
choose <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm>, <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>, or
<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="IMS" tmclass="IGNORE">IMS</tm> as a runtime environment for COBOL and PL/I
applications.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>runtime
environments<indexterm>Db2</indexterm><indexterm>CICS</indexterm><indexterm>IMS</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Db2<indexterm>runtime environment</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>CICS<indexterm>runtime environment</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>IMS<indexterm>runtime environment</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>The <wintitle>Runtime Environments</wintitle> page is available on the
<uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>PL/I</uicontrol> property group tabs.</context>
<steps-unordered>
<stepsection>You can set the following runtime options:</stepsection>
<step><cmd><uicontrol>Db2:</uicontrol> Indicates use of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm>,
by using either the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> coprocessor or a separate
step. </cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd><uicontrol>CICS:</uicontrol> Indicates use of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm>, by
using either the integrated <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> translator or a separate
step. When you select this option, the list is activated. Select the level of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> that you are using on <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>. This
option determines the syntax that is used for content assistance in an edit session. The <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> level can be changed or displayed in an edit session by
using the CICSLevel editor command.</cmd>
<info>
<note type="tip">For more information about how to use the <uicontrol>Db2</uicontrol> and
<uicontrol>CICS</uicontrol> options, see the related links.</note>
</info>
</step>
<step><cmd><uicontrol>IMS:</uicontrol> Select this checkbox to enable <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="IMS" tmclass="IGNORE">IMS</tm> support. Choosing this option causes the <uicontrol>IMS library</uicontrol>
field to be displayed on the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page.</cmd></step>
</steps-unordered>
<result rev="803">Choosing the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Db2">Db2</tm> or <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="CICS">CICS</tm> runtime environment adds the following options to the
<codeph>PARM</codeph> card:<ul>
<li>The <codeph>Db2</codeph> option:<ul>
<li>For COBOL: <codeph>SQL</codeph></li>
<li>For PL/I: <codeph>PP(SQL),LIB</codeph></li>
</ul></li>
<li>The <codeph>CICS</codeph> option:<ul>
<li>For COBOL: <codeph>CICS</codeph></li>
<li>For PL/I: <codeph>SYSTEM(CICS),PP(MACRO,CICS)</codeph></li>
</ul></li>
</ul>These additions count toward the 100-character limit in the <uicontrol>Compiler
Options</uicontrol> field of the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page.</result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="czdcmn121.dita" scope="local" type="concept"> </link>
<link format="dita" href="rzdembed.dita" scope="local" type="reference"> </link>
<link format="dita" href="../../com.ibm.idz.db24zos.doc/topics/dintegratingdb.dita"/>
<link href="rzdcobstepopt.dita" type="reference" />
<link format="html" href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity/index.html" scope="external"><linktext>Software Product Compatibility Reports</linktext></link>
</related-links>

</task><?Pub *0000004436?><?tm 1665694020470 16 MVS||IMS||Db2||CICS ?>
