<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdrunprep" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Running the sample preprocessor TMPLT00</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Learn how to run the sample PL/I preprocessor TMPLT00.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords>
<!--Insert <indexterm> tags here-->
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>The sample PL/I preprocessor TMPLT00 is run as part of a
build operation for a COBOL program.  The preprocessor runs with the
COBOL program as input.  The output of the preprocessor is used as
input to the compiler.  The preprocessor runs when you select the <uicontrol>Rebuild
Subproject</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Syntax Check > Remote</uicontrol>,
or <uicontrol>Show Dependencies</uicontrol> actions for a COBOL program.
 See <xref format="dita" href="rzdefwalkthrough.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref> for an example of this process.<p>To start
the preprocessor, the build properties of your COBOL property group
must include a call to the preprocessor.  Set the following build
properties in your COBOL property group:</p><table><title>Property
Group for COBOL Parts</title>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="144*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Property Group Page</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Property Group Settings</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">COBOL Settings</entry>
<entry colname="col2">On the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page:<ul>
<li>Enable the ELAXFCP9 procedure.</li>
<li>Add a step that is called PREPROC1 and set the following step
options:<sl>
<sli><uicontrol>Support Error Feedback:</uicontrol> Select this check
box.</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Data Set Qualifier for Compiler Errors:</uicontrol> &lt;HLQ>.FRAGDMO</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Additional JCL:</uicontrol> Include any additional
JCL required by your site, such as:</sli>
</sl><codeblock>//PREPROC1.FRAGMENT DD DSN=&lt;HLQ>.A001.DATA.FRAGMENT,DSP=SHR</codeblock></li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Runtime Options</entry>
<entry colname="col2">On the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page:<ul>
<li>Enable the ELAXFCP9 procedure.</li>
<li>Specify the following options for the COBOL step:<sl>
<sli><uicontrol>Copy Libraries:</uicontrol> &lt;HLQ>.A001.COPYLIB1.COPYLIB</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Support Error Feedback:</uicontrol> Select this check
box.</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Data Set qualifier for Compiler Errors:</uicontrol> &lt;HLQ>.ERRCOB</sli>
<sli><uicontrol>Additional JCL:</uicontrol> Include any additional
JCL required by your site.</sli>
</sl></li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></context>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190825 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002916?>
