<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="tzdretrievemem" rev="802" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Finding members</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Finding members</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Finding partitioned data set members</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Find Member</uicontrol> action to find partitioned data set members in
the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> subsystem or in a partitioned data set, to open a member in an
editor, or to create a new partitioned data set member.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>retrieving members</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords>
<indexterm>finding members</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>This topic explains how to find a member in the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> subsystem or in
a specific partitioned data set. For information about a quick way to find and open a member in an
editor, see <xref format="dita" href="tzdretrievemem_quickedit.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>. </p>
<section id="mvs">
<title>Finding a member in <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files</title>
<ol id="mvs_steps">
<li>To find a partitioned data set member in the <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> subsystem:</li>
<li>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view, select <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol>. </li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Find Member</uicontrol> from the menu or press Ctrl+F.<itemgroup>The
<wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window opens. The last search pattern that is used for previous
searches is shown in the window.</itemgroup></li>
<li importance="optional">Press Enter.<itemgroup>You can also type a fully qualified data set and
member name pattern to find, for example, USERID.TEST.COBOL(MEM*).<note type="tip">
<ul>
<li rev="91">Use * to match multiple characters and ? to match a single character. The * and ?
wildcard characters are allowed only as part of the member name portion of the pattern and not as
part of the data set name.</li>
<li>If the data set name does not exist, a message is displayed. </li>
<li>No more than one set of parentheses is allowed.</li>
<li>If extra characters are entered after a valid data set and member name pattern, an invalid
member name pattern message is displayed.</li>
<li>Normal data set name validation rules and member name validation rules apply for the specified
data set and member name.</li>
<li>The host encoding (based on either the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem
or the selected data set) is used for the code variants to be used for data set name and member name
validation.</li>
<li>If you type the data set name and press the spacebar, parentheses with an asterisk are added to
the pattern field. If you type the data set name followed by left parenthesis, an asterisk and the
closing right parenthesis are added.</li>
</ul>
</note></itemgroup><itemgroup>Matching member names are listed in the window. The window also
displays the number of matches.<note>If the search returns too many member names (the default
threshold is 1000 members), a warning message is displayed. You can use the <wintitle>MVS
Files</wintitle> preference page to specify the size of the result set to trigger this warning. For
more information about this preference, see the related links.</note></itemgroup></li>
<li importance="optional">Type a new search pattern to update the list of matches.<itemgroup>If you
type an invalid member name pattern, if you attempt to access a data set that is protected by <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="RACF">RACF</tm> and that you are not authorized to access, or if you receive
too many matches, you can retype or refine the search pattern to try the search again or narrow down
the list of matches.</itemgroup></li>
<li importance="optional">To open a member in an editor, do one of the following actions: <ul>
<li>Select a member from the list and click <uicontrol>Open Member</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Type a partitioned data set member name, such as USERID.TEST.COBOL(MEMBER1), in the entry field
and click <uicontrol>Open Member</uicontrol>.</li>
</ul>
<itemgroup><uicontrol>Open Member</uicontrol> is always enabled to facilitate the quick editing of a
data set member. This button is enabled even when an invalid name message is displayed. When an
invalid member name or pattern is entered in the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window, the
following message is displayed: <msgph>To open or create a member, enter a valid member
name.</msgph></itemgroup><itemgroup> The member that you selected is opened in an
editor.</itemgroup></li>
<li importance="optional">To create a member filter with the member name pattern, select
<uicontrol>Create a filter with the member name pattern</uicontrol> and click
<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. <itemgroup>The <wintitle>New Member Filter</wintitle> window opens.
Specify a name for the member filter and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. The new member filter is
added to the <filepath>My Favorites</filepath> folder of <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
Files and the matching data set members are displayed in the <wintitle>Remote z/OS Search</wintitle>
view. For more information about member filters, see <xref format="dita" href="t_member_filter.dita"
scope="local" type="task"/>.</itemgroup>
</li>
<li>To add a member from this list to Retrieved Data Sets in the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS"
>MVS</tm> Files subsystem: <ol>
<li>Select the member that you want. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol>
<itemgroup> The member that you selected is added to <filepath>Retrieved Data Sets</filepath> in the
<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem and highlighted in the
view.</itemgroup></li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title>Finding a member in a partitioned data set</title>
<p>You can also find a member in a specific partitioned data set in the <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files subsystem or in an <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm>
subproject in the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view.</p>
<ol id="pds_steps">
<li>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view,
select a partitioned data set. </li>
<li>Press Ctrl+F. <itemgroup>The <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window opens with the data set
name in the field and an asterisk for the member name. For example,
<filepath>USERID.TEST.COBOL(*)</filepath>.</itemgroup></li>
<li>Inside the parentheses, type a member name pattern to find, for example,
<filepath>MEM*</filepath> or MEM?0.</li>
<li>Press Enter.<itemgroup>Matching member names are listed in the window. The window also displays
the number of matches.</itemgroup></li>
<li>Continue finding members as described in <xref href="#tzdretrievemem/mvs" format="dita"/>.
<itemgroup>When you request the Find Member action for a specific data set, the member is
highlighted under the data set name and not added to the Retrieved Data Sets filter.<note>If you
request the Find Member action from the <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view, but the member is
not added to the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subproject, it is highlighted in the
<wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.</note></itemgroup>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title>Creating a member by using the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window</title>
<p>You can use the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window to create a member in the selected
partitioned data set.</p>
<ol id="create_steps">
<li>In the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or <wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view,
select a partitioned data set name. </li>
<li>Press Ctrl+F.<itemgroup>The <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window opens with the data set name
in the field and an asterisk for the member name. For example,
USERID.TEST.COBOL(*).</itemgroup></li>
<li>Type a new member name pattern in the parentheses, for example,
<filepath>MEMBER1</filepath>.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Open Member</uicontrol>.<itemgroup>A window opens asking for confirmation of
the creation of a new member.</itemgroup></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to create the member. <itemgroup>The new member is created,
opened in the editor, and highlighted in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view or
<wintitle>z/OS Projects</wintitle> view.</itemgroup></li>
</ol>
</section>
</body>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdmvspref.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link format="dita" href="tzdretrieveds.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link format="dita" href="tzdretrievemem_quickedit.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<?Pub Caret 0?>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190811 9?>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000009656?>
