<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdretrievemem" rev="802" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Finding and editing members</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Finding and editing members</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Finding and editing partitioned data set members</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can use the <uicontrol>Find Member</uicontrol> action
to quickly find and edit a partitioned data set member.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>finding members<indexterm>editing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can take a shortcut to editing a partitioned data set
member from the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window by typing
a specific member name and clicking <uicontrol>Open Member</uicontrol> or
pressing Alt+O. The member is opened in the editor, and the member
list retrieval process is bypassed.<note>For complete instructions
for using the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window, see <xref
format="dita" href="tzdretrievemem.dita" scope="local" type="topic"></xref>.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Type a specific partitioned data set member name and click <uicontrol>Open
Member</uicontrol> or press Alt+O.</cmd><stepresult>The member is
opened in an editor. If the member name you type does not exist, but
the name is valid, the <wintitle>Confirm Member Creation</wintitle> window
opens to prompt you to create a data set member and open it in the
editor. <note><uicontrol>Open Member</uicontrol> is always enabled
to facilitate the quick editing of a data set member. This button
is enabled even when an invalid name message is displayed. When an
invalid member name or pattern is entered in the <wintitle>Find Member</wintitle> window,
the following message is displayed: <msgph>To open or create a member,
enter a valid member name.</msgph></note></stepresult></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdmvspref.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdretrieveds.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="tzdretrievemem.dita" scope="local" type="topic">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1287682669 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002438?>
