<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdsetlog" rev="760" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tracing</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can set varying tracing levels for specific <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> components.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>setting tracing levels</indexterm><indexterm>tracing
levels<indexterm>setting</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><ph id="trace-location">During tracing, trace entries are produced and placed in the
<filepath>workspace\.metadata\.trace</filepath> file. </ph>The number of entries and the amount of
detail that is generated is determined by the setting of the <term>tracing level</term> for various
<term>tracers</term>. The tracers are listed on the <wintitle>Tracing preference</wintitle> page. A
tracing level is specified for each tracer, and, if tracing is enabled, the
<filepath>.trace</filepath> file is populated with entries that contain a level equal to or less
than the specified level. A trace shows the flow of the execution of a program and can help with
troubleshooting and debugging problems.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To set tracing levels for <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> components,
do these steps:</stepsection>
<step>
<cmd>In the <wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> window, click <uicontrol>Tracing</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult> The <uicontrol>Tracer Name</uicontrol> list displays components for which tracing is
available. The default tracing level for
<systemoutput>com.ibm.ftt.core.migration.impl</systemoutput> is <systemoutput>FINEST</systemoutput>.
The default for the remaining components is <systemoutput>NONE</systemoutput>, which means that no
tracing is done for the component. Other available tracing levels include the following values:<ul>
<li><systemoutput>FINE</systemoutput> - records trace data for basic debugging information such as
input and output date.</li>
<li><systemoutput>FINER</systemoutput> - records trace data such as conversion data and traps that
are to be ignored.</li>
<li><systemoutput>FINEST</systemoutput> - records trace data such as entry and exit data for
methods.</li>
</ul></stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>To include trace entries regardless of their levels, change
the tracing level to <systemoutput>FINEST</systemoutput>. </cmd>
<stepresult>The volume of data generated is greater, but might provide
the information that is required to solve some problems.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restore Defaults</uicontrol> after the
trace is captured.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/tzdcmn200.html"
scope="peer" type="concept"><linktext>Troubleshooting and support
for <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword></linktext>
</link>
<link format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/trace.html"
scope="peer" type="topic"><linktext>Quick task: Setting up tracing</linktext>
</link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190798 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003532?>
