<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdsamepreproc" rev="760" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding the same preprocessor with different options</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can call the same preprocessor more than once for a
single build operation by adding it to a property group multiple times
with different options.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>preprocessors<indexterm>adding to a property
group with different options</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>adding
a preprocessor to a property group multiple times</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must define a property group on a local or remote system.</prereq>
<context>You can run the same preprocessor multiple times with different
options by adding it to the property group multiple times. If your
site has a preprocessor that takes an argument that tells the preprocessor
to look for certain statements in the source program, for example,
you can define one entry in the <uicontrol>Preprocessors</uicontrol> list
that tells the preprocessor to look for <codeph>GOTO</codeph> statements
and another that looks for <codeph>DISPLAY</codeph> statements. Each
definition points to the same preprocessor, but runs it with different
arguments.</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To add multiple entries for the same preprocessor with
different options:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open a property group in the property group editor.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Open the <wintitle>Local Preprocessors</wintitle> page
of <wintitle>Local COBOL Settings</wintitle> or <wintitle>Local PL/I
Settings</wintitle>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Preprocessors</uicontrol> section, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The fields in the Preprocessor Options section are cleared.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Name (fully qualified)</uicontrol> field,
specify the preprocessor name or to choose to the preprocessor file
name, click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Description</uicontrol> field,
specify a unique description for this instance of the preprocessor.</cmd>
<info>The description is used as the label in the list of preprocessors
in the Preprocessors section. The descriptions that you write for
each instance must uniquely identify which instance is being run.
To continue the example that is given above, you can type <userinput>Locate
GOTO</userinput> for the first instance and <userinput>Locate DISPLAY</userinput> for
the second.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Complete the remaining fields with the options that you
want for the first execution of the preprocessor. </cmd><info>For
a detailed description of the fields, see the context-sensitive help.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> again to clear the fields
and add another entry to the <uicontrol>Preprocessors</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Name (fully qualified)</uicontrol> field,
specify the same preprocessor name.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Description</uicontrol> field,
specify a unique description for the second instance of the preprocessor.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Complete the remaining fields with the options that you
want for the second execution of the preprocessor.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click Ctrl+S to save your changes or <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to
add another preprocessor to the list.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190822 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003799?>
