<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="jclsubmissionmethod" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Submitting JCL to build a project or subproject</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can create a load module by submitting JCL.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>JCL submission method</indexterm><indexterm>submission
method, JCL</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Right-click a partitioned data set member and click <uicontrol>Generate
JCL</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click the phrase that specifies the type of JCL to create: </cmd>
<choicetable>
<chrow>
<choption><uicontrol>For Compile</uicontrol></choption>
<chdesc>Generates JCL for compiling the selected member.</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption><uicontrol>For Compile Link</uicontrol></choption>
<chdesc>Generates JCL for compiling and linking the selected member.</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption><uicontrol>For Compile Link Go</uicontrol></choption>
<chdesc>Generates JCL for creating and running a load module.</chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>
<stepresult rev="803">If you selected <uicontrol>For Compile Link</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>For
Compile Link Go</uicontrol>, the <wintitle>Load Module Member Name</wintitle> window
opens.<ul>
<li>If <menucascade><uicontrol>Generate JCL</uicontrol><uicontrol>For
Compile Link</uicontrol></menucascade> or <uicontrol>For Compile Link
Go</uicontrol> was not performed on the resource, and <uicontrol>Rebuild
Subproject</uicontrol> was not performed on the subproject, the initial
value in the load module name window is the name of the resource.</li>
<li>If <menucascade><uicontrol>Generate JCL</uicontrol><uicontrol>For
Compile Link</uicontrol></menucascade> or <uicontrol>For Compile Link
Go</uicontrol> was not performed, and you specify a load module name
when you request <uicontrol>Rebuild Subproject</uicontrol>, the initial
value in the load module name window is the load module name that
is specified with <uicontrol>Rebuild Subproject</uicontrol>. </li>
</ul>  </stepresult></step>
<step rev="803"><cmd>To change the load module member name, type a
new name in the <uicontrol>Member name</uicontrol> field and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>After the load module name is specified for a resource, it is
remembered. You can disable this window by using the <wintitle>z/OS
Solutions</wintitle> preference page.</info><stepresult>The <wintitle>JCL
Data Set and Member Name</wintitle> window opens.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>You can overwrite both the name of the JCL data set (as
specified in the project properties) and the name of the JCL member
(as specified by <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword>);
in any case, click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>If
the specified JCL file exists, a confirmation message is displayed
to prevent you from unintentionally overwriting an existing JCL member.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>To create the JCL, click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>A confirmation message is displayed to indicate that the
JCL was created in the specified data set.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>From the <wintitle>JCL Generation Complete</wintitle> window,
do any of the following actions:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Click <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol> to submit the JCL.</choice>
<choice>Click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> to open the JCL member in
an editor.</choice>
<choice>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to close the window without
submitting the JCL.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdzossol.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190839 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004076?>
