<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdshowdep" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting compiler options for show dependencies and remote syntax
check</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>To use the show dependencies and remote syntax check functions,
you must set up appropriate compiler options.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>show dependencies<indexterm>setting compiler
options</indexterm><indexterm>setting assembler options</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>remote syntax check<indexterm>setting compiler options</indexterm><indexterm>setting
assembler options</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>PL/I Settings<indexterm>show
dependencies and remote syntax check</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>COBOL
Settings<indexterm>show dependencies and remote syntax check</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Assembler Settings<indexterm>show dependencies and remote
syntax check</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><ph rev="803"><keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> provides
show dependencies and remote syntax check functions that detect dependencies
for COBOL, PL/I, and Assembler programs. These functions use the COBOL
and PL/I compilers and <keyword conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/HLASM_fam"/> to locate the copy members,
include files, and macros that are needed to compile a program properly.</ph> These
functions are available from a number of locations in the <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> interface:<ul>
<li rev="150">From the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view, select a local or
remote COBOL or PL/I file or a remote Assembler file, or a local project that contains COBOL or PL/I
files and then select <uicontrol>Show Dependencies</uicontrol>. <note>The <uicontrol>Show
Dependencies</uicontrol> action is not supported for sequential data sets.</note></li>
<li otherprops="IDz">From the <wintitle>Work Offline</wintitle> wizard, select <uicontrol>Show
Dependencies</uicontrol> on the <wintitle>Show Dependencies for Selected Resources</wintitle>
page.</li>
<li rev="803">From the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"/> view or an editor, select
or open a COBOL, PL/I, or Assembler file and then select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Remote Syntax Check</uicontrol></menucascade>
<ph rev="80">or press Ctrl+Alt+R.</ph></li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To set compiler options for a show dependencies or remote
syntax check operation, do these steps:</stepsection>
<step rev="803"><cmd>On the <wintitle>Procedures and Steps</wintitle> page
of the <wintitle>COBOL</wintitle>, <wintitle>PL/I</wintitle>, or <wintitle>Assembler</wintitle> tab
in the property group editor, expand the ELAXFCOC, ELAXFPL1, or ELAXFASM
procedure name.</cmd></step>
<step rev="803"><cmd>Double-click the COBOL, PLI, or ASM step.</cmd>
<stepresult> The <wintitle>Step Options</wintitle> area opens.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Support Error Feedback</uicontrol> check
box. </cmd><info>This checkbox prompts the compiler to allocate an
XML file during show dependencies or remote syntax check operations.
The show dependencies and syntax check operations parse this XML file
to display dependent files.</info></step>
<step rev="803"><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Data Set Qualifier for Compiler
Errors</uicontrol> field, type a qualifier to which you have access
to allocate data sets. </cmd><info>This data set qualifier is used
as a prefix for the names of the data sets that are allocated during
the syntax check, show dependencies, and rebuild process.</info></step>
</steps>
<postreq>If show dependencies or remote syntax check requests do not
succeed after you set these options, check that the TSO command server
is configured properly. A simple way to check this server is to allocate
a data set from the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view
or <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="rzdcobstepopt.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></link>
<link href="rzdasmstepopt.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></link>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"><linktext>Determining the
source of generated JCL</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190821 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004943?>
