<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdslvhostbased" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Solving problems with host-based projects</title>
<shortdesc>Most problems with host-based projects are the result of improper configuration on the
remote system, such as incorrect paths to definition files or errors in the syntax of the definition
files themselves. Because these problems usually show up as missing host-based projects,
subprojects, or files, which are easily overlooked, error messages help with problem determination. </shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>host-based projects<indexterm>solving problems</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>solving problems<indexterm>host-based projects</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>troubleshooting<indexterm>host-based projects</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>For severe problems, a window box opens with a detailed message of the error condition and
the host-based project stops loading. Project creation actions that precede the error are not rolled
back, but, disconnecting from the remote system removes the projects from the workstation. For less
severe problems, such as a file listed in a subproject not being found, the message is logged in the
<filepath>CommonBaseEvents</filepath> log file. Users might not be aware of any such problem until
they notice the missing file and look into the log.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Problems with references to definition files</dt>
<dd>If a definition file contains an error in a reference to another definition file or to a folder,
such as typographical error or an error in a file path name, an error message indicates which file
was not found and which file contained the error.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Problems with syntax in definition files</dt>
<dd>If a definition file contains an error in the XML tags, such as a typographical error or a
missing end tag, the XML parser throws an exception and an error message indicates the definition
file that contains the error.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Problems with references to resources</dt>
<dd>If a definition file refers to a partitioned data set, data set member, or sequential data set
that cannot be found, either because the definition file contains a typographical error or the file
does not exist, the subproject is created, but the file in error is not. An error message in the
<filepath>CommonBaseEvents</filepath> log (provided the logging level is set to SEVERE or lower for
the com.ibm.ftt.projects.core.impl logger) indicates which file was not found.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></context>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1316710767 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003039?>
