<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdselpreproc" rev="760" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Selecting one or more preprocessors to run before a compilation</title>
<shortdesc>You can select multiple local preprocessors to run before
a compilation.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>preprocessors<indexterm>selecting for execution</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>selecting multiple preprocessors to execute before a compilation</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must define a property group on a local or remote system
and define one or more preprocessors in the property group.</prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>To select one or more preprocessors to run before a compilation:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Open a property group in the property group editor.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Open the <wintitle>Local Preprocessors</wintitle> page
of the <wintitle>Local COBOL Settings</wintitle> or <wintitle>Local
PL/I Settings</wintitle>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Preprocessors</uicontrol> section, click
the checkbox beside each preprocessor you want to run.</cmd>
<stepresult>You can select up to 10 local preprocessors for a single
build operation. The preprocessors are run in the order that is shown
in this list. If no preprocessors are selected, then the source file
is compiled without the preprocessor step.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>To change the order in which the preprocessors run, highlight
a preprocessor name in the list and click <uicontrol>Up</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Down.</uicontrol></cmd>
<stepresult>The last preprocessor that is selected in the list is
the last preprocessor run.  The output of that preprocessor, which
is the name of the file in the <uicontrol>Preprocessor Output File
Name</uicontrol> field is the name of the file that is passed to the
COBOL or PL/I compiler.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click Ctrl+S to save your changes.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1337269568 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002246?>
