<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdusehostbased" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using host-based projects</title>
<shortdesc>After host-based projects are configured on the remote
system, they are automatically available to any user who logs on to
that system with a user ID corresponding to one of the user folders
on the remote system.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>host-based projects<indexterm>using</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>using host-based projects</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>For each instance file in the user folder, a host-based project
is created on the user's workstation, along with its subprojects and
their properties.<p>Host-based projects behave similarly to workstation-based
projects, with the following exceptions:</p><ul>
<li>You cannot rename or delete the projects or subprojects.</li>
<li>You cannot add or remove resources from the subprojects or subprojects
from the project. </li>
<li>You cannot create new remote projects or subprojects associated
with host-based project systems.</li>
<li>Any actions that allow the user to alter the structure or contents
of a host-based project are disabled.</li>
<li>Although properties for host-based subprojects can be changed
in the user interface, they are not saved on the client after you
disconnect from the remote system.</li>
</ul><p>If changes to the structure of the project are required, the
definitions on the remote system must be updated and the projects
on the workstation refreshed. To refresh projects on the workstation,
you must disconnect and reconnect to the system that contains the
project definitions.</p><p>Because project definitions are on the
remote system, host-based projects are not persisted on the workstation.
They are removed when you disconnect from the system that contains
the project definitions.</p><p>Each system that you connect to might
or might not have host-based projects enabled. For a system with host-based
projects enabled, no projects that are associated with that system
are visible in the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/view"></ph> view
until you connect. For a system without host-based projects, any existing
projects that are associated with that system are visible as soon
as you open the <ph conref="zide_conrefs.dita#zide_conrefs/perspective"></ph> perspective.</p><p>If
you require projects that persist after you disconnect and contain
resources on a system with host-based projects enabled, you can set
up a user ID on that system that does not have a corresponding user
folder. If you connect with that user ID, you can create workstation-based
remote projects that are persisted after you disconnect.</p>  </context>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="czdhostbased.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="tzdcfghostbased.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="tzdslvhostbased.dita" type="task"></link><?Pub Caret -2?>
</related-links>
<?tm 1287682675 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003171?>
