<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzdupdcfg" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating workspace configurations and preferences</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Updating workspace configurations and preferences</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Updating configurations and preferences</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/updAvailIntro"
/> When updates are available, the client is prompted to install the updates when you connect to a
remote system.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>configuration and preference updates</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>updating<indexterm>configurations and preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>If updates for <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> configurations
and preferences are available when you connect to a remote system, the <wintitle>Updates
Available</wintitle> window opens with one of the following messages:<ul
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/updAvailMsgs"
><li/></ul><p rev="803"><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/cfgGroup"/>
Configuration groups and the ability to select or refuse updates are controlled by parameters in the
<filepath>pushtoclient.properties</filepath> file on the remote system. This window lists the
updates that are available for installation. The following configurations and preferences can be
enabled for automatic update:</p><?Pub Caret 208?><ul>
<li>Eclipse settings. These configuration files update the settings in the
<wintitle>Preferences</wintitle> page. For general information about Eclipse workbench preferences,
see <xref format="html" href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/reference/ref-72.htm" scope="peer"
>Preferences</xref>. For specific information about <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/> preferences, see
<xref format="dita" href="tzdcmn010.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.<note type="attention"><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.rdz.language.editors.doc/topics/tzdebetemplates_cobol.dita#tzdebetemplates_cobol/ptc_code_templates"
/></note></li>
<li>Remote system connections. These configuration files update the remote system connections that
are defined in the <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view. For information about remote system
connections, see <xref format="dita" href="tzdcmn032.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>.</li>
<li otherprops="IDz">Host-based projects. These configuration files update <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects that are defined on the remote system. For more information
about host-based projects, see <xref format="dita" href="czdhostbased.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"/>.</li>
<li>Property groups. These configuration files update all property groups that are defined for the
remote system. For more information about property groups, see <xref format="dita"
href="tzdpropgrp.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>.</li>
<li>Default values. These configuration files update default values for a remote system. For more
information about default values, see <xref format="dita" href="tzdcfgpg.dita" scope="local"
type="task"/>.</li>
<li><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> file system mappings. These configuration files
update the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> file system mappings that are defined for the
remote system. For information about file system mappings, see <xref format="dita"
href="tzdcmn035.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>. Three types of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS"
>z/OS</tm> file system mapping configuration files are available:<ul>
<li>Resource mappings are defined for specific data sets on a remote system.</li>
<li otherprops="IDz">Bidirectional conversion tables are defined for systems that use bidirectional
code pages.</li>
<li>System mappings are defined for a remote system.</li>
</ul></li>
<li rev="803" otherprops="IDz">Menu Manager menus and actions. These configuration files update the
menus and actions that are defined by using the <wintitle>Menu Manager</wintitle> preference pages.
For more information about using Menu Manager, see <xref
href="../../com.ibm.tpf.toolkit.menumanager.doc/topics/menumanager_c.dita"/>.</li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To install the configuration updates:</stepsection>
<step rev="803"><cmd>If you are prompted to choose a <uicontrol>Configuration group</uicontrol>,
select one from the list.</cmd><info><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/cfgGroupBind"
/> For more information about creating a workspace, see <xref format="html"
href="../../eclipse-docs/org.eclipse.platform.doc.user_4.31.0.v20240228-1609/reference/ref-workspaceswitch.htm" scope="peer">Switching
workspaces</xref>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>If you are required to install all updates, click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The configuration files and preferences are updated. </stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>If you are allowed to select or refuse updates, do these
steps: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select the checkbox next to the configuration files you want to update. </cmd><info
rev="91"><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/updAllSubset"
/></info></substep>
<substep importance="optional"><cmd>To prevent future notifications of configuration and preference
updates, select the checkbox next to <uicontrol>Do not notify me of future
updates</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.etools.zoside.infopop/zide_cshelp_conrefs.dita#zidecshelpconrefs/doNotNotify"
/></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>The
selected configuration files and preferences are updated.</stepresult>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<result>Unless you select the <uicontrol>Do not notify me of future
updates</uicontrol> option, the push-to-client feature handles future
updates according to the preference setting on the <wintitle>Configuration
Files</wintitle> preference page: <ul>
<li><uicontrol>Notify me of all updates</uicontrol>: When this option
is set, you are prompted to update any available configurations and
preferences each time you connect to the remote system. If you do
not select all of the updates or if any new updates become available,
you are prompted to install them.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Notify me of updates that I have not rejected</uicontrol>:
When this option is set, you are not prompted to update previously
rejected configurations the next time you connect, even if they are
updated on the server.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Do not notify me of updates</uicontrol>: When this
option is set, you are never notified of updates. Selecting the <uicontrol>Do
not notify me of future updates</uicontrol> option on the <wintitle>Updates
Available</wintitle> window sets this preference option.</li>
</ul>      </result>
<example>As an example, assume that the push-to-client feature prompts
you to update the following configurations when you connect to the
remote system. <ul>
<li>Property Group Configuration Files</li>
<li>Eclipse Preferences</li>
<li><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> File System Mapping
Configuration Files</li>
</ul>If you choose to update the Property Group Configuration Files
and the Eclipse Preferences, but not the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> File System Mapping Configuration Files,
then the next time you connect, the <wintitle>Updates Available</wintitle> window
prompts you according to the Configuration Files preference:<table>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Configuration Files preference</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Updates Available actions</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><uicontrol>Notify me of all updates</uicontrol></entry>
<entry colname="col2">The window opens and prompts you to install <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> File System Mapping Configuration
Files (because you did not update them previously) and any other newly
updated configurations.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><uicontrol>Notify me of updates that I have
not rejected</uicontrol></entry>
<entry colname="col2">The window opens if any new updates exist, except
for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> File System Mapping
Configuration Files. The window does not prompt update for <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> File System Mapping Configuration
Files.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><uicontrol>Do not notify me of updates</uicontrol></entry>
<entry colname="col2">The window does not open.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="tzdptcprefs.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1435190797 9?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000010039?>
