<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN"
 "ibm-reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="tzdzossol" xml:lang="en-us">
<?acro_status spelling="0" grammar="0" style="2" terminology="0" terminologyAdmitted="0" reuse="0" total="2" score="56" status="green" ?>
<title><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> Solutions preferences</title>
<shortdesc>Use the <wintitle>z/OS Solutions</wintitle> preference
page to set general preferences for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects,
subprojects, and files.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>z/OS Solutions preferences</indexterm><indexterm>preferences<indexterm>z/OS
Solutions</indexterm><indexterm>dependent files</indexterm><indexterm>system
name</indexterm><indexterm>compare editor</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>dependent files</indexterm><indexterm>system name</indexterm>
<indexterm>compare editor</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<!--This topic was converted from a task topic to a reference topic.-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>You can set the following preferences
on this page.<dl rev="751"><dlentry>
<dt>Show warning message on opening files</dt>
<dd>Opening large files can cause out-of-memory errors and a forced
shutdown of the workbench. Select this option to check the size of
any file that is being opened (sequential data sets, partitioned data
set members, or local files) and display a warning if it is larger
than the specified threshold. This warning gives you the option to
cancel the file open operation or continue it. This option is enabled
by default, and the default threshold is 2500 KB. To specify a different
threshold, enter a value in the <uicontrol>Maximum file size to open
without warning (in KB)</uicontrol> field.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Prompt to add dependent files to <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects</dt>
<dd>Select this option to enable a prompt to add dependent files to <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> subprojects. This prompt is displayed
when you are editing a remote file and choose to open or browse a
dependent file. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Display system name on remote subprojects (requires refresh on
existing subprojects)</dt>
<dd><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm> projects can contain
subprojects with resources on multiple remote systems. Select this
option to display the name of the remote system on which the resources
of each subproject are located.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry rev="803">
<dt> Always prompt for a load module name during build</dt>
<dd>Select this option to enable <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"></keyword> to
prompt you for a load module name when you build a subproject, or
when you generate JCL for a COBOL, PL/I, or Assembler file. Clear
this option to disable this prompt. When this option is cleared, the
name of the member that is nominated as the entry point is the load
module name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1435190798 5?>
<related-links>
<link href="../../com.ibm.etools.getstart.wsentdev.doc/topics/preferences.dita"/>
<link href="source_of_generated_jcl_topic.dita" scope="local" type="topic"/>
</related-links>
</reference><?Pub Caret 0?>
<?Pub *0000003241?>
