<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tzhidearch" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Hiding archived data sets</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Hiding archived data sets</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Hiding and showing archived data sets</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>You can hide archived data sets so that they are not displayed
under an <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> filter.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>migrated data sets<indexterm>hide</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>migrated data sets<indexterm>show</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>hide migrated data sets</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>show migrated data sets</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>data sets in offline volumes<indexterm>hide</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>data sets in offline volumes<indexterm>show</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>hide data sets in offline volumes</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>show data sets in offline volumes</indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>archived data sets<indexterm>hide</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>archived data sets<indexterm>show</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>hide archived data sets</indexterm></keywords>
<keywords><indexterm>show archived data sets</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>Archived data sets include data sets that were migrated or
are on offline volumes.</context>
<steps-unordered>
<stepsection>The <wintitle>Remote Systems</wintitle> view normally
shows archived data sets.</stepsection>
<step><cmd>To see the status of archived files for an <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="MVS">MVS</tm> Files filter, right-click the filter.</cmd>
<stepresult>When the checkbox beside <uicontrol>Show Archived Data
Sets</uicontrol> is selected, archived data sets are displayed under
the filter. When it is clear, archived data sets are hidden.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd> To hide archived data sets under a particular <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol> filter, right-click the filter name and then click <uicontrol>Show
Archived Data Sets</uicontrol> to clear the checkbox.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example, to hide archived data sets from the <uicontrol>My Data Sets</uicontrol> filter,
right-click <uicontrol>My Data Sets</uicontrol> and click <uicontrol>Show
Archived Data Sets</uicontrol>.</stepxmp><stepresult>This action affects
only the selected <uicontrol>MVS Files</uicontrol> filter. It does
not affect other filters, such as <uicontrol>Retrieved Data Sets</uicontrol>.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd> To show hidden archived data sets under a particular <uicontrol>MVS
Files</uicontrol> filter, right-click the filter name and then click <uicontrol>Show
Archived Data Sets</uicontrol> to select the checkbox.</cmd></step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1435190816 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003406?>
