<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="uremotplf" xml:lang="en-US">
<title>Using a Remote Preprocessor with Local File</title>
<body>
<p>You can now configure and run a remote preprocessor (REXX or CLIST-based) on a z Systems® for
local COBOL or PL/I files within <keyword
conref="../../com.ibm.wsentdev.doc/topics/prodnames.dita#auroraproducts/RDZ_fam"/>. This allows
local source files to be preprocessed remotely using z Systems® capabilities before being compiled. </p>
<section>
<title>Procedure</title>
<p>You can open the property group editor from the Property Group Manager or from an edit session.
When you open the property group from an edit session, the property group editor opens to the
appropriate page for the type of preprocessor being used.</p>
<ol>
<li>From the Property Group Manager:<ol>
<li>Double-click the name of the property group that is associated with the file you want to
edit.</li>
<li>Select the tab for the appropriate programming language for the file. Select
<uicontrol>COBOL</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>PL/I</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>In the category list, click <uicontrol>Editor Configurations</uicontrol>. The Editor
Configurations page opens.</li>
</ol></li>
<li>From an edit session, right-click and click <uicontrol>Source</uicontrol> >
<uicontrol>Preprocessor Statements</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Configure Preprocessor</uicontrol>
(COBOL and PL/I Editors) or <uicontrol>Preprocessor Statements</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Configure
Preprocessor</uicontrol> (z Systems® LPEX Editor).The Editor Configurations page opens. If no
property group is associated with the file, the Associate Property Group window opens for you to
select an available property group.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Use remote preprocessors</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Complete the remote preprocessor configuration properties.<table frame="all" rowsep="1"
colsep="1" id="table_brn_ypl_lfc">
<tgroup cols="3" align="center">
<colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="1*" align="left"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="2.51*" align="left"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colname="newCol3" colwidth="1.75*" align="left"/>
<thead>
<row valign="middle">
<entry>Item</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
<entry>Example</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry><uicontrol>Connection name</uicontrol></entry>
<entry>Specify the z/OS connection where the remote preprocessor will be executed. You can select
the required connection from the drop-down list.</entry>
<entry><filepath>abc.test.preprocessor.com</filepath></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><uicontrol>REXX or CLIST invoking preprocessor</uicontrol></entry>
<entry>Specify the PDS member name of the preprocessor that contains the REXX or CLIST script on
z/OS. Use the format <filepath>USER.SAMPLE(PREPROC)</filepath>, where
<filepath>USER.SAMPLE</filepath> is the name of the PDS and PREPROC is the name of the REXX or CLIST
script.</entry>
<entry><filepath>USER.SAMPLE(PREPROC)</filepath></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><uicontrol>Preprocessor Input location</uicontrol></entry>
<entry>Specify the PDS member where the program will be uploaded on z/OS before
preprocessing.</entry>
<entry><filepath>USER.SAMPLE.INPUT</filepath></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><uicontrol>Preprocessor output location</uicontrol></entry>
<entry>Specify the fully qualified name of an output file to be generated and downloaded from the
remote system to the workstation after a remote preprocessor is started. It must be either a
partitioned data set member or a sequential data set. If you specify a partitioned data set name
without a member name, such as MY.PDS( ), the member name of the program that you are editing is
used.</entry>
<entry><filepath>USER.SAMPLE.OUTPUT()</filepath></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><uicontrol>High-level qualifier for preprocessor data</uicontrol></entry>
<entry>Specify a qualifier to be used to allocate a temporary sequential data set. The product
writes data to this data set to be read by the REXX script or CLIST on the remote system. The
sequential data set is deleted after the REXX script or CLIST runs successfully. If the script
fails, the data set is not deleted.</entry>
<entry><filepath>USER</filepath></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><uicontrol>Preprocessor parameters</uicontrol></entry>
<entry>Specify any additional parameters required by the REXX or CLIST script. This field is
optional.</entry>
<entry>NA</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></li>
</ol>
</section>
</body>
</topic>
